07 Aug 1937 - MACKAY NOTES.
Townsville Daily Bulletin (Qld. : 1907 - 1909 ; 1912 - 1966), Saturday 7 August 1937, page 11
MACKAT NOTES.
MACKAY, August 2. The weather la delightful at present We had one wet day, but for the rest of tbe week was sunshine. All the mills In the district are crushing and report good conditions. M1U figure* to date are: Farleign 16.639, North Eton 7,015, Plane Creek 21.28J, Pleystowe 17,667, Racecourse 2L88L Cattle Creek has only been crushing a week and 2,100 wen put through. Harvesting Is in full swina and ccs. Is satisfactory In most cases. The Premier (Mr. Forgan Smith) end Mr*. Smith, who spent a few days In Mackay, returned to Brisbane by Tuesday's train. Mr. R. D. Buish, State President of tbe Returned Soldiers' League, visited Mackay last week. Miss Helen Weu. who has been holidaying In Brisbane, has returned home. Last Sunday Mrs. Mary Taylor passed awav. Deceawd was a well known resident of Mackay, beinc proprietress of the old Queensland Hotel or many years. Mrs. Taylor was born in Ireland 74 yean ago and came to Mackav 49 yean ago. She married Mr. John Taylor about two years after coming to this city. Mr. Taylor died about 12 yean ago. Mn. Taylor made several trips to the Old Country. Deceased I* survived by three daughters and four sons, Dr. H. Taylor, late of Townsville, and now residing In Mackay, being a son also. Tbe daughters are Mesdames Abe Jacklln (Mackay), J. Ryan (Sarlna), and A. PbilUps (Brisbane). Mrs. Phillips ar rived from Brisbane by 'plane to be present at her mother's funeral. Mr. Jack Farquhar arrived from the South to supervise the laying of the turf wicket at the Queen's Park. Mr. Farquhar was captain of the Queensland Eleven for a number of years. Mr. R. E. Hanson arrived by tbn Stlnson 'plane from Brisbane. Tbe Trewelland loaded 3,000 tons of sugar and lef1 on Thursday night The
Xowenbank arrived on Thursday to load 8.800 tons of sugar for overseas. The Pioneer Shire Council supported the suggestion made bv tbe Mackay Gas Co. to the Harbor Board to supply electric light to North Mackay. A deputation comprising the chairman (Mr. Evans) and Councillor Malcomson was appointed to meet the Harbor Board. Robin Taylor CU), ot Walkenton was bitten by a make on Tuesday, when be was walking; throuch some grass. The Younger Set of the C.WX held a most successful ball on Friday nlgbt. A protest has been made by tbn North Side Progress Association
against the existing location or the Rifle Ranee. It is stated that Uw range Is a public menace now that North Mackav is becoming more populated. Councillor A. Hamilton suggested that an alternative site for tbe range could be obtained near East Point It was agreed that the chairman of the Pioneer Shire Council take the matter up with the Premier when In Brisbane this month. Mn. M. A. Simpson, of Moore-street, was hostess at a small party of Mrs. J. M. Gamble's friends, at her home last Tuesday afternoon. The lounge was nicely decorated with pot plants and crystal vases of golden wattle. The guest of honor wore a smart grrv ' tailored suit with grren blouse and preen felt hat. Those present Included Mesdames J. M. Gamble. J. Condle. P. Johnson, T. G. Mulhcrln. J. Gallagher. A. Stevenson. H. A. Moore. W. Moow and A. Black. Mrs. Gamble left by Thursday's train for Brisbane, where she will make her home In ruture. She will be very much missed In both social and musical circles, as she was a most accomplished Dlanlet. In tho qualifying round for the esptaln's trophy, the best eight scores (or the 88 holes were: A. Catlp 134. R. Van Epen 185. I. Watson 188. U Tapaall 140. R. Thomason 141. W. Bnnseombe 142, B. Polnton 142. T. Cook 142. The 18 boles stroke olay. played In conjunction, was won by Mr. John Barbat with 6C net In the Associates cbamploaship. Miss Ferguson defeated Miss Ullev 14 and 18 and Mrs. Grant defeated Mn. Am let 6 and S. In the B. Crude rhnmnie.ni.rilD Mr*. C. MrCook defrRlrd Mrs. Campbell 1 UPMlss Berenice Wlckhold, a pupil at the Mackay High ichool, rse*lv*-
vord last week that she has tied with another competitor for the first prize In the senior girls essay competition arranged bv the Dickens Fellowship. Miss Joan Mclntyre woo the first prize In the junior girl* division on another occasion, so this is the second time tbe first prize bas come to Mackay.  Mr. J. Taylor, of Rockbanpton. spent a few day* In Mackay last week. Miss Marjorle Dubols. of Glenella, who bas been doing her obstetric training In Tasmania, has returned home. Mr. G. Wallace, who ba* been relieving manager of the QJf. Bank during Mr. Oswald's absence on holiday, leave* this week for Maryborough, where be has been appointed manager of that branch. It Is with deepest regret that we learn of tne death of Mr. F. P. Dodd. the well known 'butterfly man' of Kuranda. His collection of butterflies and moths were visited by tourists from all parts of the world. Miss K. Dodd, a daughter, Is on tbe teaching stair of Victoria Park State school. Mackay, but left for Kuranda immediately on bearing of her father'* serious illness.The The death of Mr, Geo Swan formerly a well known farmer of Mlranl, occurred in Brisbane yesterday. Deceased was over 80 yean of age. He was born in Scotland and came to Mackay when a young man. He took up land In The Hollln. Mlranl and lived there for many year*. He was a keen bowler and attended the greens until a couple of years ago. He retired from active life and went to reside at South Brisbane s number of yean ago. Deceased leaves his wife to mourn her loss. They had no family. The funeral Is to take place to tbe Brisbane crematorium to-dav (Monday). Mr Albert John Cawte died during the week end. He had been ill in a private hospital in Mackay for several months. Deceased was 58 years of age and was well known in the Bundaberg district. He took an active in terest in Labor affairs. The body was taken to Bundaberg this morning. He had resided for a time with his brother, Mr. D. J. Cawte of North Street On Saturday night a man fell from Sydney Street bridge. Dngglng operations took place and at 8 o'clock on Sunday morning the body was found Deceased was John Mitchell, a resident of Sunnyside. The mishap occurred on the old section of the bridge at the North Side. Deceased was a single man residing with his sister, Mrs. Haynes. Word was received from Brisbane last week that Miss Gorrie. of the Mackay Golf Club, had won the International Cup. This cup Is contested for bv all clubs throughout Queensland. *o Miss Gorrles MackaV friends are very pleased with her success. The A. Grade final was played over 36 holes on Sunday. Miss Ferguson being the winner. She defeated Mrs. R. Grant &— 8, so Was Ferguson retains the title of A Gnde champion of the Mackay Associates.