28 Dec 1895 - LAKES' ENTRANCE.
Snowy River Mail and Tambo and Croajingolong Gazette (Orbost, Vic. : 1890 - 1911), Saturday 28 December 1895, page 3
LAKES' ENTRANCE.
       [ FROM LOOK OUT.]
    A  WEDDING   FESTIVITY.
On  Monday, the 23rd inst., a wedding took place  and was witnessed by the majority of the .  Cuninghame people in the Church of England, the bride being the only daughter of Mrs. Peterson, of
the Entrance, and the bridegroom, Mr. Albert Clifton,  of  Bendigo. Miss Miriam Jommeson, as bridesmaid, and Mr. Joe Stephens, as best man, were the principals.  The bridal party were headed  by a couple of pretty little children; then came the procession, the bride elect looking quite regal with few decorations, a white spray in  her jet hair, cream bodice, trimmed with lace, and grey skirt. The bridesmaid ap peared in a white bodice and black skirt, with a spray of flowers, both carrying bouquets. They were greeted with an anthem played by Miss Wood and sung by the choir. . The Ven. Archdeacon Armstrong performed the marriage ceremony, after which the bridal party left to the strains of the "Wedding March," played by Mrs Jones, and partook of the wedding supper. Mr. W. S. Barke supplied the bride's cake, its flavor and workman-ship being of the richest ; and  the "boys" supplied the tin kettles.    CHRISTMAS AT CUNINGHAME  Among the many attractions at Cun-inghame it must be admitted  the first thing that greets the eye of the visitor
is an establishment which deserves the approbation of everybody.  It is not the largest we have seen but it is one of the most compact stores in Victoria, 'and its enterprising proprietors, Messrs W. S. and J. Barke,'' have spared no expense in making it a pleasure to the eye and a considerable  saving  to the pocket. The grocery department can supply from a penny packet of lollies to a ton of sugar;  the bakery, under the supervision of Mr. Chas. Foley, can furnish from a biscuit to a wedding cake ;  and the drapery department, at tended to by Mr. J. Barke is a scene of busy splendor and civility, Mr. W. S. Barke, the principal, ,is a young man of energy and enterprise, and the plan he has erected his new post-office store on has shown to the Cuninghame public that if he has earned a good many "dollars" in Cuninghame, he has been plucky enough to speculate them in a building where everybody is treated with civility.  Adjacent to the store is what might safely be termed the Cuninghame mansion and family residence, which cost something like £1500, the architecture being a credit to its builders.   CUNINGHAME CRICKET CLUB.    The first anual social of the C. C. C. came off in Hunter's hall, Cuninghame, on Boxing night, and proved to be a success financially and merrily. There was ,a good attendance  of  visitors, several of whom during the evening rendered songs. Mr Morrison sang "Anchored " and delighted everybody. Miss Ward performed the sword dance and was loudly applauded— —  Mr. Tom Box, returned thanks on behalf of the Club to those whe so ably assisted to make the night pleasant and the com pany broke up in the small hours of the morning, everybody being well pleased with their night's entertainment.   EXCURSION. The "Omeo," of the Sale Steamboat Company, in charge of Captain  E. Marsters, brought a large number of visitors to tho Entrance on Boxing-Day, and the weather being fine the trip was reported a very enjoyable one.