11 Dec 1918 - DISTRICT NEWS.
Bairnsdale Advertiser and Tambo and Omeo Chronicle (Vic. : 1882 - 1946), Wednesday 11 December 1918, page 2
DISTRICTT NEWS (By Our Gorre3pondent.) LAKES ENTRANCE. Tuesday, Decmber 10.i A very 'leasant, enjoyable and profitable efort to raise funds for the Y.M.C.A. was made here on Friday last, when there was a big crowd of local people and visitors in attendance :at {thp.eoneert given in aid of the war fund by the "'Bing Girls" of Bairnsdale, who met with *a cordial' and enthusiastic reception. Advantage was taken of the gathering by the chairman, Cr. Coate, as senior councillor and a. member of Tambo Shire Repatriation Committee, to enlist his colleague councilfors for the Cunninghame riding and the ministers of the town in giving a. public welcome home to Private Ward, one of the Lakes Entrance soldiers who had come back wounded after doing good and faithful service for his country at the front, the Rev. Father O'Connor, on be~ half of the Romnan Catholic and Mri Ma.pperson. on behalf of the iMethodist Church, adding words of hearty welcome of 'the eturned soldier, to. those uttered by Cr. Coa-te .anif his colleagues is, municipal i-epresentaSties. Lieut. James, responding on behalf of Private Ward,' said the latter would--ratlier face the 'enemy again than:?ake a speech in public, as was the case witti most of. the returned men, but all of them'- were quite i'eady to fight again, if necessary, in defence of home a.i'd country.  SMfte, a.'. dhort interval, Cr. Coate called: on Lieut. James to make a statement. re. Y.M.C.A. work, whiclh he did .lucidly, enlisting sympathy s with the efforts of the association for e.'our boys," when, the time beinge ripe, Lieut. James like a4 wise general, :launched an "over the top" assault wvith a 'sale of badges, etc., and with Or. Coate's assistance asunm of abdout £ 7/10/, was obtained. The 0 inevitable collection added about £4 P o )o this amount and the song by a "Bing Girl," "Won't You Spare .p Penny?" . brought further response, raising the total. df the collection to £5/10/. The interrupted programne was t then :continued with scenic and e physical culture items and proceede ings were. cbncluded by cheers, vote t: thanks and the singing of 4he NNational Anthem'.The The total for the effort js expected to rea.ch over £50.