06 Apr 1929 - Expensive Drinks.
Daily Mercury (Mackay, Qld. : 1906 - 1954), Saturday 6 April 1929, page 15
' Expensive Drinks.
LICENSEE'S BREACH. Sunstroke Affects Defendant's Memory.
"I'll tell you what I- think of him," said Mr. M. Gallagher, L.M., in the Licensing Court yesterday, referring to one witness for the defence whose memory was allegedly obliterated by sunstroke. "He is nothing but an unmitigated
lair." The case was "being heard in which Abe Jacklin, licensee of the Cremornq Hotel, North Side, was charged with keeping , the premises open 'during prohibited hours. ; Constable Gunrie had stepped into the- hotel on Sunday; March 3, and found Jacklin, .Seaborn -Bastion 'Coak-ley, and Harry Larking enjoying a chat, further joV being added to the hearts of 'Coakley and Larking -' by-well-filled pots. As a result, Ja'ckh'n -was charged with having kept his premises open after hours, . and Coakley and Larking were charged with having been on. licensed premises after hours. Sub-Inspector .M'Carthy prosecuted, and Mr. A. R. Hartley appeared for t|ie defendants. Constable Currie said ho was on plain-clothes hotel duty on Sunday, March 3. About 3.45 p.m. he saw two men enter the backyard of the hotel and walk over to the premises, lie went round the veranda to the hack of tlie building, and looked in a'1, open door that gave entrance to tlie room at the back of tlie bar. Coakley and Larking were standing at tlie bar-door, and Jacklin was in the liar. Larking was gazing into a pot, while Coakley was resting liis pot mi tlie ledge of the bar-door. Jacklin admitted that neither 'of the tivo was a boarder or guest; both bad coine in for a drink -which he was treating them. "When the constable said ho was going to take charge of the pots, Jacklin immediately threw them into a dish of water. Coakley said he was paying a debt to Jacklin, and Uint possibly acounted for the jingle of money heard. ; | Cross-examined by Mr. Hartley, Constable Currie said that Coakley appeared excited at 4 p.m. ami 9 p.m., but there -were no signs of slight sunstroke. 1-Ie -did not know that one of the symptoms of sunstroke was loss Oof memory. Examined by the Sub-Inspector, Constable Curile said -that Larking told him he came for a drink. When at the police station Coakley was able to detail all that took place at tlie Cremorne. Coakley, caretaker of the golf links, stated that lie was a very moderate drinker; in fact, he never got outside the contents- of more than six bottles a year. Experiencing a strange giddiness ,lic bad -started off for the city on ilie Sunday, -but while he was on the way his illness increased. He remembered getting off his bicycle after going a mile, but nothing " else could he ire call until he glimpsed the verdure on -the links on Monday morning. No mental- prompting . by tlie Sub-Inspector could get him to change this statement; the interview at the police station evidently bad faded into oblivion. Abe Jacklin, the licensee, said that the hotel was not open for the sale of liquor. He had discussed firewood with Larking, and asked him to have a drink. As Coakley came into the backyard he- also was 'invited to sip. Any jingling of money must have come from upstairs, where cards were often played. To Constable Currie he had admitted that the men were not boarders, but had not said they were not guests. 'Coakley, who occasionally called In for a drink, appeared quite rational. Larking, an ordinary drinker .was sober. The drink was served across the parlor ledge.
Sub-Inspecto'r M'Carthy: Do you know it is an o lion ce to suppiy gratuitous " liquor in a bar or bar-parlor during prohibited hours, under section 74, sub-section 3?— Jacklin-Yes.  Mr. Hartley: "Why not proceed "on that charge? Sub-Inspector M Cartliy: I .-want to bring tlie other two under tlie charge'. Mr. Hartley: "We admit that Jacklin committed this offence and that Larking also is gui'lty, -but I suggest calling evidence in the case of Coakley. Tlie evidence he gave in this case, in which he said he remembered nothing, will be used against liim if necessary. The P.M. (with asperity); I'll give you my opinion of Coakley; lie is nothing- but an unmitigated liar. There, now you know it! Mr. Hartley eonsulted_Jiis clients, and (entered pleas of guilty. Jacklin was fined £10, with 3/0 costs, and Coakley. and Larking £1 each/with 3/0 costs.