14 Aug 1916 - PERSONAL.
Daily Mercury (Mackay, Qld. : 1906 - 1954), Monday 14 August 1916, page 2
. PERSONAL.
Miss Inverarity went south yeBtef" day. . Dr, Chenoweth, having completta his military duties, returned to Mackay by the Bingera yesterday. Mr. W. Penwarn returned from Brisbane on Thursday by the Canberra, -i
Mr. D. Pratt and Miss C. Pratt wfre passengers for Brisbane by the Canberra yesterday.Mrs. Mrs. Park, accompanied by MisS Park, returned from a visit to Sydney on Thursday last, and proceeded to Marian the same day. Miss Eva Dent left by the Can-berra, en route for Brisbane, where she will be the guest of Mr. and
Mrs. Gower, "Tunbridge," Albion. . ' Mrs. J. Millward has received a cable from her son, Private R. Mili-ward, saying he and Private A Jacklin had arrived in England all well. Souvenirs were presented to J. W. Jackson and R. Shores at the recruiting meeting on Saturady night. The volunteers left for Brisbane yesterday.  Juage Douglas arrived from Townsville by the Canberra yesterday, and will preside over an inquiry into certain matters affecting men | employed "on railway construction work. The inquiry will commence at 10 o'clock this morning. Mr. J. Campbell, Othello Street, lias been further advised as fol-.ows: — "Now reported son, Private Malcolm Campbell, admitted. 1st, Australian General Hospital 28rd. July bomb wounds head and legs, severe. Will promptly advise if anything further received." Another pioneer in Mrs. Emma Edwards, of Prospect Street, passed away in the District Hospital yesterday, aged GG years. Deceased, who originally came from England, had been 42 years in Queensland, ana leaves ,a husband and family t0 mourn their loss. Mrs. Riecbelmann was advised on Saturday by Mrs. T. D. Chataway (Melbourne) that Private Cecil Ash-down had been killed in action. Private Ashdown, who was a nephew of Mrs. Chataway, was a Mackay native ,son of the late Mr, Edward Ashdown, who was for years manager of the local branch of the Commercial Bank. . On Friday afternoon Professor Hazelton took his promising young pupil, Miss Jean Mclntyre, to Mr. \ Paul Dufault, for whom she sang, aud awakened the artist's interest whose judgment of the girl's v<>£® was that the quality aud tonal it) were there, and with cultivation should place here iu .h- prominen position in the vocal world. As Mis3 Alclntyre is only 1G years of nge, her future is one of great promise. The staff of the Olympic Theatre invited the retiring manager, Mr. h. Eldridge Smith, to meet them at &' Austel Studio on Saturday afternoon last, for the purposo of having i" photographs of the full staff taK to present to Mr. Smith. After t sitting an adjournment was n'ade the Theatre, and Mr. Smith wo there presented with a very han some gold-mounted fountain pon a a box of cigars. Several speech were made bearing testimony to Vie respect in which Mr. Smith is hc.d. and oxpresstve of the affectionato regard felt for liini. Mr. Smith was much surprised at the kindly mark of . appreciation so generously offC"