28 Sep 1916 - SOLDIERS' LETTERS.
Daily Mercury (Mackay, Qld. : 1906 - 1954), Thursday 28 September 1916, page 4
SOLDIERS' LETTERS,
Private Phil. Luscombe, writing to his parents from Salisbury Plain, states: "We had a real good trip across, but I was not sorry when it was over. We had nine weeks on the boat, and taking the trip all through it proved very enjoyable.
There was heaps of enjoyment in-cluding concerts and boxing tourna-ments On arrival in England we entrained immediately for camp. The train stopped for a while at Exeter and here the troops were met by the Mayor and Mayoress, who provided us with tea and buns. I can tell you it was grand. This is a very large camp and there are a large number of Queenslanders here, including Mackay boys. I was wondering where was, and to my surprise I found he had just arrived with another battal-ion He will be in the same brigade as I am. I also saw H. Dowltng, A. Jacklin, and J. McDowall. When we have been here ten days days they give us four days' leave, take us to London, and dismiss us, so there is a good time ahead. Tom Harvey and the Woods boys are with me, and wish to be remembered to all at home. Captain Swanson is not with us ; he took sick a couple of days before we left Brisbane and was supposed to come with the 42nd Battalion, but did not do so. I hope he turns up because he is a fine officer. Tom says he saw Eddie Fudge and Emil Coyne, in Egypt, also Billy Drake. There was a mail from North Queensland after we arrived here and the boys got heaps of letters. I am proud to be a soldier, as apart from other things it has enabled me to see the world— a thing I thought would never occur. I am within a few pounds of 13 stone. I went down to see Paddy Harney last night, and he near-ly fell over with surprise when he saw who his visitor was. He is the same old stick. Mr. J. McDonald, "The Hermit-age," is in receipt of a letter from his brother, S. McDonald, who is a member of the crew of the H.M.S. ----------. Referring to Australia's part in the great war he says, "I see that although they fight and squabble in their Parliaments, the States still manage to do the right thing at the right time. There was a litle sam-ple of naval fighting in the North Sea in May last, but the full details will be some time before they become public property. All we know at present is that we lost some of our best ships and so did the Germans. Our chances of participating in a na-val action in this old ship is very remote. Our mission is principally to collect torpedoes and mines with-out keeping Davy Jones as a per-manent guest. She can still bite fairly hard at anything with 4in. ar-mour, and we were able, in Decem-ber last, to pass Turkey 162 six-inch shells in ten minutes from seven guns on one side. I don't think 10 were fired at us in the same time ; at least, I noticed that they were very spar-ing with what they sent us for a few days after that. Mr. McDonald also received a letter from his son. Pte. W. McDonald, advising that he had ar-rived at Salisbury Plain after a splendid trip, which included a pretty train journey through France. At one of the French towns a number of German prisoners were observed. "I think they liked that life better than being in the trenches," added Pte. Mc-Donald. Continuing, he states : I met Billy Burdon and Billy Belts in Egypt, and they both looked splen-did. Victor Warry is over here at Salisbury Plain. Mrs. Kickham, Sophia Street, has received a letter from her son, Pri-vate W. Kickham, describing a charge made by the Anzacs in which he participated and was wounded. He states : I have been in action and was wounded, but, fortunately, not seriously. I had the pleasure of tak-ing part in a charge, and a great experience it was, although by no means pleasant, as I was hit by a piece of shrapnel in the left arm. I thought I was gone when the shell burst and it gave me a bit of a shak-ing up. However, we gained a great victory over the Huns, a great num-
ber of whom put up their hands and cried out "Mercy, Kamenad ! " I managed to reaclh the fijrst enemy trench but had to come back and have my wound dressed. Shells were whizzing everywhere, and I lay in a shell hole for half an hour and then crawled back to the dressing station. I can tell you I was thankful to get back. It was a great relief when we arrived at the hospital and had a good steam bath. I had had neither a wash nor shave for ten days so you can imagine how I felt. There were others the same, and we looked "tricks." I met one of the Collets (who used to work with Mr. Hill-mann) just before the charge, but
heard afterwards he had one of his arms blown off. I do not know how he got on since. (Pte. Collet sub-sequently died as a result of his wounds. — Ed. "D.M.) I also met Bert Thompson, the school teacher ; he is a Captain in the — Battalion. I did not see him after the charge. By jove our boys did give the Ger-mans a good doing, and I was glad. I was with them. Private William Howland, writing to his mother, Mrs. T. Howland, states : I am quite well and having a good time, in spite of the heavy drill. We are now engaged in extend-ed order drill, with full pack up, weighing 60lbs. The heat is awful during the day, but the nights are cool. I would not exchange life in sunny Queensland for this at any price. We are prepanirig to leave for the front and expect to be in France an ten weeks' time. Our boat was considerably overdue owing to an accident, and I am told the peo-ple over here held a memorial ser-vice for us. It was a unique experi-ence to see all the men on board the steamer, when we entered the danger zone, walking about, and sleeping in lifebelts, but we arrived safely. "Just a short letter," writes Pte. George Eagles to his parents, and that short letter extended over five pages in which he gave an Interest-ing description of his voyage from Queensland to England The trip along the Australian coast was much the same a a number of other lads
have described, and, with them, Pte. Eagles was very thankful when the first over-sea port of call was reach-ed. Here they remained eight days taking in coal and water and during their stay the volunteers were pro-vided with frutit, cakes, cigarettes and plenty of literature by the resi-dents of the town, for which the men were devoutly thankful. Whan leaving this port they were accom-panied by other transports, "which," added Private Eagles, "was very pleasant as we had something to look at when we got up in the morning, instead of gazing into the water." The next port of call was a very de-solate region. One of the customs officers there informed some of the men that there had been no rain at the place for four years. There were several battle cruisers at this port, two of which participated in the Falkland Island scrap. When three days off this port a breakdown oc-curred aboard the transport, which was ordered to port while the re-mainder of the ships went on. The port to which they were ordered proved a picturesque place, and amongst the products grown was sugar cane, which looked beautifully green from the bay while the steamer lay at anchor. The voyage was eventually resumed, but another mishap occurred. Within half-an-hour of this occurrence a torpedo de-stroyer hove in sight and consider-able anxiety was felt among the men lest it should be a German boat, but it proved a great relief when it turn-ed out to be a British ship which afterwards escorted the transport for the remainder of the voyage to Ply-mouth. When the Australians ar-rived at Salisbury Plain they learned that a memorial service had been held for the men of the particular battalion to which they belonged, but the people of England were relieved to hear the men had landed safely. Gunner P. F. Harney writes as fol-lows to Mr. E. M. Cornwall from Wiltshire :— Just a line. I had a four days' furlough in the big smoke and had a fairly good tiime. I met Jack Taylor, of the Queensland Hotel, and he saved me a lot of time and money, as he knew the city well. I saw all the principal sights. I did not at-tempt the Gallery or Musuem. I can not say I was favourably impressed. London is a great city, but not a pretty one. There are beautiful parks and grounds though all through it. I had a ride up Rotton Row, and 'a row on the Serpentine ; was through the Botanic Gardens, Regent's Park, and zoo. Living is as dear, if not more so than in Australia. A decent feed costs 2/6 Hotels are closed most of the day, but dispense tea coffee and cocoa, hours for sale of liquor are from 12 to 2 30 and 6 30 to 9 pm. It's a good scheme. One thing surprised me, the number of
women who frequent the hotels, mostly young of the working class ; they troop in as they come from work, line up and drink their beer and off home ; it seems to be the gen-eral custom. I just heard from Frank Elworthy that he saw the name of young Bernard appearing amongst the missing ; he was a Lieutenant in the infantry ; he was a smart young fellow, too ; he passed the school in Australia with honors. I expect a lot more of us will stay behind be-fore the job is finished. We have been changed from light field guns to heavy howitzers, and have a little better chance, as now we go into act-ion only under cover ; but, of course, a friendly lyddite shell may drop on our dug-out at any time and stir things up. All our boys are well and doing special training. I expect to go to Aldershot in a couple of weeks for special work. At the rate the war is going it looks as if the end was in view. I shall be satisfied as will the rest ol us, to go back ; if not we'll just do our best. Kind regards to Mrs. Cornwall.