03 Oct 1925 - PERSONAL.
Townsville Daily Bulletin (Qld. : 1907 - 1909 ; 1912 - 1966), Saturday 3 October 1925, page 4
PERSONAL
News of the sudden death of Mr. Joseph Nemeth, a well-known resident of Townsville, which occurred in the early hours of Friday, caused a con-siderable stir in business and sport-
ing circles in Townsville. The de-ceased has been established in business in the saddlery trade for a number of years, and of late has been a member of the firm of Nemeth, Parry and Graham, of Flinders Street. The death took place at the Mansfield Hotel, where he has been staying for the past week or two, since the de-parture of his wife and family on a visit to Brisbane. Early in the morn-ing he want round to the pantry of the hotel for a cup of tea, and sitting down on a chair on the kitchen veran-dah, was discussing horse-racing with Mr. P. Taylor, another boarder at the hotel who was seated on a table close by. Suddenly Taylor noticed a strained look come over the face of Mr. Nem-eth, and he gradually sank in his chair. Taylor caught him, and laid him on the floor, at the same time calling the licensee (Mr. C. Baker), but death occurred almost immediately. Dr. Breinl arrived at the hotel shortly after 7 o'clock, and after a brief ex-amination, pronounced life exinct.   For some little time past the deceased had been complaining of feeling un-well, and had been attended by Dr. G. Ross. Mr. Nemeth was 53 years of age, and a man of fine stature, who, from appearance, was in the prime of life, and his sudden death came as a great shock to his many friends in Townsville, on coming first to Towns-ville some 30 yearn ago, he was em-ployed by Mr. C. R. Hopkinson, in a saddlery business near where the Red Arcade now stands. He afterwards managed a business for Mr. Carr, and later for Mr. Fraser, which latter bus-iness he recently took over with his present partners. A postmortem was held at the hospital on Friday morn-ing, when the cause of death was cer-tified to as pleurisy, and gall stones, myocarditis and heart failure. The deceased leaves a widow, and a son and daughter, all of whom are at pre-sent in Brisbane. Mr. Nemeth was very well known and highly respected in sporting circles; he was a most capable starter in both horse and ped-estrian events and will be greatly missed in sporting circles. News was received in Townsville on Friday of the death of one of the best known residents of Mackay, in the person of Mr J. Taylor, licensee of the Queensland Hotel, in that town. The deceased gentleman had resided for many years in Mackay, and was much respected. He leaves a family of seven sons and daughters. Dr. Tay-lor, of the Townsville Hospital, being
one of the sons. Advice was received in town on Fri-day that the Minister has approved of the appointment of Dr T. Gordon Ross as Government Medical Officer at Townsville, in the room of the late Dr E. Humphry. Mr C. P. Scanlan (N. Q. Employers' Association), who left on the overland trip by car to Brisbane, on Monday last, travelling by way of Hughenden to Tambo, arrived at Brisbane on Thursday night, the roads being bad for the latter part of the journey. Mr W. H. Swales is lying very dan-gerously ill in a private hospital. Mr L. J. Raleigh, the well known saddler, passed away on Thursday. He had been seriously ill for some time, so his death was not unexpected. Mr Raleigh was with Mr Carr in Char-ters Towers for many years, but com-menced business on his own account here about ten years ago.