19 Dec 1944 - Family Notices
Bairnsdale Advertiser and Tambo and Omeo Chronicle (Vic. : 1882 - 1946), Tuesday 19 December 1944, page 1
WEDDINGS
LORD—CONFAIT.
A Spanish lace veil and headdress more than 150 years old, lent by Mrs. Cyril F. Knight, were worn by Miss Enis Therese Confait for her mar-riage to Warrant-Officer Thomas A. Lord (R.A.A.F., returned), celebra-ted at St. Patrick’s Cathedral, on Thursday last by the Rev. Father J. Perkins.
Her frock was of ivory jersey cut on Grecian lines, and she carried
Christmas lilies. The bride is the younger daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Germaine Confait, Bairnsdale, and the bridegroom the younger son of the late Mr. J. F. Lord and of Mrs.
Lord, Devonport, Tasmania. Misses June Hoskin and Margaret Ritchie were bridesmaids and wore white bouffant frocks with beany caps, fashioned of blue flowers, and car-ried garlands of delphiniums. Judith Confait, the train-bearer, was in white georgette with a Juliet cap. Warrant-Officer Lee Rayner, R.A.A.F. (returned), was best man, and War-rant-Officer W. R. J. Shaw, R.A.A.F. (returned), was groomsman.
CARRUTHERS—McMAHON
Friends of the bride arranged bowls of lovely flowers in St. John’s Church of England, Bairnsdale, on Saturday, December 9, for the wedd-
ing of Marjorie Isobel, second eldest daughter of Mrs. B. J. McMahon, Cul-vert st., Bairnsdale, and the late Mr. B. J. McMahon, and Robert Waller, son of Mr. and Mrs. W. Carru-thers, Williams Parade, Bairnsdale.
Rev. G. C. Lovegrove performed the marriage ceremony and Miss M. Mor-rison presided at the organ.
The bride, who was given away by her brother, Mr. F. McMahon, looked charming in her bridal gown of white lace, the skirt of which fell into a circular train. Her filmy tulle veil was loaned by a friend from Oak-leigh. She carried Christmas lilies, Canterbury bells and fern.
Miss Betty McMahon attended her sister. She wore a delphinium blue frock with a matching shoulder length tulle veil. Her flowers were in blue and pink tonings. Miss Gwen Carruthers, sister of the bridegroom, was a dainty flower girl in a pale pink frock with matching veil. She carried a basket of pink and blue
flowers.
Mr. W. Petre carried out the du-
ties of best man.
At a reception at Maddocks' Cafe, the guests were entertained by the
bride’s mother, who wore a navy en-semble, relieved with white, navy ac-cessories and white shoulder spray of carnations and bells.
The bridegroom's mother was dressed in a fawn and brown en-semble, brown accessories, and she wore a shoulder spray of autumn tonings.
The usual toasts were honored and a number of messages of good wishes was read. On the bride’s table was a beautiful wedding cake, the gift of her aunt, Mrs. F. McPherson.
When leaving for the honeymoon, which is being spent at Marysville, the bride travelled in a pale blue frock, with black hat and accesso-
Mr. and Mrs. Carruthers will make their home at Brighton.
MORRISON—WARD.
A pretty wedding was celebrated at St. Andrew’s Presbyterian Church, Bairnsdale, on Saturday, Decem-ber 2, when Mary Frances, daugh-ter of Mr. and Mrs. C. W. Ward, Tambo Upper, was married to Clif-ford Roy, second son of Mrs. G. West, Swan Reach, and the late Mr.
Morrison.
Bowls of pink cluster roses, shasta daisies and carnations, were artisti-cally arranged in the church by
friends of the bride.
Rev. F. T. Ogier, Congregational Church, Bruthen, was the officiating clergyman, and Miss Mathieson pre-
ded at the organ.
The bride, who was given away by her father looked lovely in her bri-dal gown of off-white satin, made with shirred bodice. The panelled skirt fell into a long graceful train. Her filmy tulle veil was caught to the head with a coronet of organdi leaves and orange blossom. The veil was loaned by Mrs. F. T. Ogier. She cur-ried regal lilies, shasta daisies, dou-ble marguerites and fern.
Miss Margaret Ward, sister of the bride, was bridesmaid and Mrs. C. Morrison was matron of honor.
They were frocked alike in pale blue flowered taffeta, the bodice had a V neckline and tiny buttons trimm-ed the front and the panelled skirt was fully flared. On their hair they wove stiff silver ribbon bows with top knots of flowers matching those in their bouquets which were composed of mixed flowers in pink tonings and fern.
Mr. George Ward was best man and
Mr. C. Morrison groomsman.
At a reception at Maddocks Cafe, the bride's parents entertained the guests. Mrs. Ward wearing delphi-nium blue embroidered in cyclamen, with black hat and accessories. She also wore a shoulder spray of fus-
chias and fern.
The bridegroom's mother was dressed in a dark saxe beaded suit, black hat and accessories and she wore a shoulder spray of delphi-niums and fern.
The usual toasts were honored and many telegrams of congratulation were read. During the reception the bride’s mother sang “I'll Walk Be-side You."
On the bride’s table was a beauti-fiul two-tiered cake made by her mo-ther. The cake was surmounted with a top-piece of real flowers matching those in the bride’s bou-quet.  When leaving for a honeymoon trip to South Gippsland, the bride wore hyacinth blue with white hat and ac-cessories. 
On return, Mr. and Mrs. Morrison who were the recipients of numerous gifts and cheques, will make their me at Swan Reach.
The world's two largest liners the Queen Mary and the Queen Eliza-beth, transported a total of 320,000 United States troops to Britain for the year ended 30th August last.
Of the 13,000,000 houses in the Uni-ted Kingdom at the outbreak of war 4,500,000 have been damaged by ene-my action, including 202,000 totally destroyed or irreparably damaged.