29 Jan 1953 - OBITUARY
Bairnsdale Advertiser and East Gippsland Stock and Station Journal (Vic. : 1946 - 1954), Thursday 29 January 1953, page 1
OBITUARY
MR. WILLIAM WARD
The death of a pioneer resi dent of the district. Mr. William Ward, aged 85 years, took place at the home of his son-in-law at Picnic Point on January 18.
Mr. Ward was born at Dunolly and came to Bairnsdale in his youth. He married Miss Cath-erine Cunninghame. of Swan Reach, and for many years farm-ed at Lake Tyers, where he had taken up a selection of virgin bush country. His later years were spent in Melbourne, and then at Picnic Point. His wife predeceased him, and he leaves a family of one son and three daughters, one daughter having died.
The funeral at Lakes Entrance was largely attended by relatives and friends of the deceased.
Funeral arrangements weve made bv Messrs. Williams & Lee. in conjunction with J. Craig.
MR. DAVID PROSSER
After a period of failing health over the past two years, Mr. David Prosser died at the Bairns-dale District Hospital. He was eighty years of age and was a son of the late David and Martha Prosser, of Paynesville. who were among the early pioneers of the sea-side township. He possessed a kind and generous nature. With his father and another resident, they donated their labor at no cost for the building of the Paynesville Methodist Church. Mr. Prosser leaves a wife and family to mourn the loss of a devoted husband and father. The burial took place at the Bairnsdale cemetery. Coffin bearers were his two sons, Keith and Colin, Mr. John Bell and Mr. A. Wilson. Rev. G. F. D. Smith officiated at the graveside and funeral directors were Messrs. Williams & Lee.
MRS. HELENE P. SOUTTER
Mrs. Helene P. P. Soutter, who died at the Omeo Hospital, was a daughter of the late Eliza and Samuel Gill, of Benambra, and was born at Omeo 71 years ago. She lived for the greater part of her life on the Omeo Plains. In the year 1915, she married Mr. William John Soutter, and they made their home at Benambra. They reared a family of one son and two daughters. Sisters and brothers are—Mabel (Mrs. Tay-lor), Herbert (dec'd.), Clarry (dec'd.), Lewis (dec’d.), Laura (Mrs. Poulson), Claude (dec’d.), Maude (Mrs. Ford), Septimus and Cliff. Mrs. Soutter is sur-
vived by her husband, and daugh-
ters Lottie (Mrs Monson, Mary-
borough). John and Gwen (Mrs.
Bradbury, Omeo).
The service at the Presbyterian Church and the graveside was
conducted by Rev. Denholm.
The esteem in which Mrs. Soutter was held throughout the
district was evidenced by the large assemblage at the church and graveside and by the numer-
ous floral tributes.