15 Dec 1927 - Family Notices
Queenslander Illustrated Weekly (Brisbane, Qld. : 1927 - 1939), Thursday 15 December 1927, page 48
WEDDINGS. –o– Bressow—Hunter. A LARGE number of interested friends assembled at St. Andrew's Presbyterian Church, Creek-street, on December 7, the marriage was solemnised of Mr. Lancelot Bressow (elder son of Mr. and Mrs. Bressow, Brisbane) and Miss Roma Hunter (only daughter of Mr. J. M. Hunter, formerly Agent-General for Queensland, and Mrs. Hunter, Hamilton). The Rev. Chas. Yuill officiated, and during the signing of the register a vocal solo was rendered by Miss Jean Waddell. The church had been prettily decorated by girl friends of the bride with wreathings of fern and choice white flowers. The bride, who was given away by her father, wore a frock of white mariette made with a double flared skirt over silver lace, and from the shoulders fell the train of ivory georgette lined with silver tissue. Her veil of white tulle edged with lace was arranged in cap effect with a hand-made coronet of orange blossoms, and was lent by her cousin, Mrs. Garth Billington. The bride carried a bouquet of white roses, dahlias, and stephanotis, veiled in tulle and further adorned with white ribbon streamers. There were two bridesmaids —Misses Chel. Moffat (Charleville) and Jessie Moffat, both cousins of the bride– and they were frocked alike in shrimp-pink georgette, fashioned in tunic effect, and beaded in crystal. At the waist lines were gipsy swathes terminating in a large bow at the back. On their hair they wore turbans of shrimp-pink georgette, and silver tissue, and both, carried Early Victorian posies of pink roses, set in tulle of the same shade. The duties of best man were carried out by Mr. Ralph Billington, and those of groomsman by Mr. Harry Stack. At the conclusion of the ceremony the guests were entertained at a wedding breakfast. On leaving Rowe's Cafe the bride wore over her wedding gown a cream silk shawl, with floral embroideries. Boyd—Adams. Green—Boyd. The first double wedding to be held at Tweed Heads was celebrated at St. Cuthbert's Church of England by the Rev. A. B. Wyrill, on December 7, when Mr. Charles Boyd (fourth son of Mr. and Mrs. W. R. Boyd, Boyd's Bay, Tweed Heads) was married to Miss Emma Rose Adams (second daughter of Mr. and Mrs. S. C. Adams, of Boyd's Bay), and Mr. Charles Clarence Green (eldest son of Mr. and Mrs. C. G. Green, also of Boyd's Bay) was married to Miss Florrie Boyd (daugh ter of Mr. and Mrs. W. R. Boyd). Mr. Fred. Cook acted as director of cere-monies, and Miss Aida Elliott presided at the organ. Miss Boyd was given away by her brother, Mr. Fred. Boyd, and Miss Adams by her brother, Mr. Adams. Miss Boyd chose a bridal dress of king-flsber blue crepe de Chine with mastic trimmings, and wore a hat to match. She carried a bouquet of pink roses and fern. Her bridesmaid, Miss Iris John-ston, was frocked in pink crepe de Chine, and wore a black hat, and carried a posy of roses and ferns. Miss Adams's dress was of pale blue crepe de Chine, with which she wore a hat to tone, whilst her bridesmaid, Miss Grace Boyd, wore a frock of floral voile, with a hat en suite. Both carried bouquets of white roses and ferns. A wedding breakfast and recep-tion was held at the residence of Mr. and Mrs. W. R. Boyd. Boyd's Bay.
Davis—Armansin. A LARGE circle of friends in Queens-brated in St. Mary's Church, Kangaroo Point, on November 9, when Mr. Frederick John Davis (second son of Captain and Mrs. F. W. Davis, Lismore, North Coast) was married to Miss Lena Mary Armansin (second daughter of Mrs. Ar-mansin, Kangaroo Point). The Rev. Mr. Moncrieff officiated. The church had been decorated by the bride's girl friends. The bride, who was given away by her eldest brother, wore a frock of white crepe de Chine, adorned with pearls. The georgette train was trimmed with hand-made flowers and touches of pink, and her veil was of cut tulle, arranged with a silver turban and orange blossoms. She carried a sheaf of arum lilies 6et in tulle. The bridegroom's sister, Miss Kathlyn Davis, who attended as chief bridesmaid, wore sea blue mariette and gold lace, finished with apricot coloured flowers. She wore a gold turban, and carried a sheaf of red and white roses. Miss Venie Hoppe, who was also in attendance, wore a frock of pale pink frilled mariette, and a silver turban on her hair. She car-ried a sheaf of pink roses. Mr. Argyle Armansin carried out the duties of best man, and Mr. Hugh Black was grooms-man. After the ceremony the guests were entertained at Mrs. Armansin'a resi-dence. The table decorations were car-ried out in blue and white, with blue birds suspended overhead. On leaving for the honeymoon, which is being spent touring the Northern Rivers,- the bride wore a frock of pervenche blue crepe de Chine, and hat to tone, with a black coat. Dieckmann—Neibling, THE Kalbar Baptist Church was the scene of a picturesque wedding on De-cember 3, when Mr. William Dieckmann (only son of Mr. and Mrs. F. Dieckmann, Kalbar) was married to Miss Ruby Nellie Neibling (eldest daughter of Mr. and Mrs. C. Neibling, Fassifern Valley). Rev. R. Y. McAllister officiated, and Miss M. Davis presided at the organ. During the signing of the register Miss L. Schosson rendered a solo. The church had been decorated by girl friends of the bride, and a wedding bell was suspended above the bridal party. The bride, who was given away by her father, wore a gown of soft white crepe de Chine, the bodice of which had a vest of French pleating. The long sleeves were finished with pleated cuffs, with small lace and satin bows, and the skirt was inlet with Bel-gian lace and medallions. She wore the orthodox wreath and veil, and carried a bouquet of white roses and lillies with satin streamers. The bride's sister, Miss Lorna Neibling, who attended as brides-maid, wore a frock of pale blue crepe de Chine, smocked and beaded, with a hat to match. She carried a posy of red roses and gerberas, with red streamers. Little Miss Dulcie Pfeffer (cousin of the bridegroom), who was train-bearer, wore hand-embroidered frock of pink crepe de Chine, with a silver bandeau and large tulle bow in her hair. She carried a pink frilled basket of pink carnations and fern and pink streamers (the work of Mrs. S. Jones). Mr. George Rieck was best man. After the ceremony the guests were entertained at the home of the bride's parents. The bridegroom's, gift to the bride was a xylonite toilet set, and the bride gave to the bridegroom a set of xylonite brushes in a case. The bridesmaid received a xylonite manicure set; the train-bearer a gold armlet, and the best man a xylonite collar and stud box. Subsequently Mr. and Mrs. W. Dieckmann left by motor for Sydney and Northern Rivers, when Mrs. Dieckmann wore a travelling frock of biscuit-coloured mariette, finished with lace and smocking, with a hat to match. Hanes—Griffiths. MAUVE and white sweet peas, relieved with asparagus plumosus, a wedding bell suspended over an archway, decorated in the same shades, beautified the Congre-gational Church, Rosewood, on November 26, when Pastor J. W. Harper officiated at the marriage of Mr. Leslie Charles Mountjoy Haines (youngest son of Mr. and Mrs. C. R. Haines, Rosewood) and Miss Edith Amelia Jane Griffiths (eldest daughter of Mr. and Mrs. David Griffiths, Mount Forbes). Miss Jean Loveday (organist) presided at the organ. During the signing of the register, Miss Edythe Gillow (Ipswich) rendered a vocal solo. The bride, who was given away by her father, wore a gown of cream mariette, the bodice of which was inlet with a vest of guipure lace. The skirt of cream gu-
pure lace, over satin, was relieved with floating panels of beaded mariette. Her embroidered veil, arranged in cap fashion with fan effect at back, was encircled with orange blossoms, and she carried a bou-quet of arum lilies and fern, tied with a large tulle bow and satin streamers. Miss Olive May Griffiths, who attended her sister as bridesmaid, wore a frock of mauve crepe de Chine, with a hemstiched bodice and a French pleated skirt, made in two tier effect, finished with a swathed belt. Her hat was of mauve crinoline, and she wore the bridegroom's gift, a platinum dress ring. She carried a bou-quet which was arranged and given by Mr. T. R. White (Brisbane), and composed of mauve Michaelmas daisies, sweet sultans, and straw flowers, tied with a large bow of mauve tulle. The duties of best man were carried out by Mr. T. F. M'Manus (Brisbane). The bridal couple with immediate relatives only were entertained after the ceremony at the residence of Mr. and Mrs. C. R. Haines before leaving by car for Ipswich, en route to Coolan-gatta, where the honeymoon is being spent. Mrs. Haines chose for her travel-ling dress bois de rose crepe de Chine, with which she wore a silk crinoline hat to match, and a travelling coat of paillette, finished with a buckle. Luxton—Love. ARTISTICALLY decorated with white blooms by girl friends of the bride, the interior of St. Andrew's Church, Lutwyche, appeared more picturesque than usual on December 7, when a wedding of interest was solemnised. The church was crowded with spectators in addition to the wedding guests. The bridegroom was Mr. Estcourt Luxton (son of Mr. P. J. Luxton, and of the late Mrs. Luxton, Melbourne), and the bride was Miss Jean Love (second daugh-ter of Mr. and Mrs. James Love, Glen-kedron, Kedron). The Rev. Harold Og-born officiated, and Miss Twine presided at the organ. During the signing of the register, Mrs. Wray, of Melbourne, ren-dered a vocal solo. Mr. James Love gave away his daughter, who wore a frock of ivory satin cut on classical lines, and heavily beaded in crystal and diamante, with touches of pink. From the hips fell a double train, and her veil of Carrick-macrose lace and pink tulle was lent by Mrs. H. Osborne. She carried a shower bouquet of white blooms, chiefly stepha-notis, artistically arranged with greenery. Mrs. Jack Boyd attended her sister as matron of honour, and Miss Irene Edgar attended as bridesmaid. They wore frocks of blue and pink georgette respectively, made alike with plain yokes, from which petals to the hem were arranged, and were outlined with silver thread. On the shoulder and at the waist they wore silver roses, and on their hair they wore tulle hats to match. Their bouquets were of Dorothy Perkins roses. Miss Mary Billington. who was the trainbearer, wore a frock of pale blue georgette over silver, with a silver hat. The duties of best man were carried out by Captain Braits, and those of groomsman by Mr. Nim. Love. At the conclusion of the ceremony the guests were entertained at a wedding breakfast at Glenkedron, where the de-corations were carried out with Dorothy Perkins roses and snapdragon. The catering arrangements were carried out by a staff from Finney's Roof Garden Cafe. Mrs. James Love received her guests, wearing a frock of blue georgette, heavily sequinned, with which she wore a black tulle hat and a blue georgette cloak lined with flesh pink. Her posy was of yellow roses. On leaving for the honeymoon, the bride wore a travelling frock of mastic coloured crepe de Chine figured in brown, with which she wore a hat to match. Morrison—Adams. A WEDDING of interest to a wide circle of friends in Brisbane and Central Queensland was solemnised at the Bay-terrace Presbyterian Church on Decem-ber 3, when Mr. Donald Colin Morrison (only son of the late Mr. H. Morrison and of Mrs. Morrison, West-street, Rock-hampton) was married to Miss Kathleen Priscilla Adams (elder daughter of Mr. and Mrs. H. M. Adams, Wynnum South, and late of the Rockhampton Hospital). The Rev. H. C. Wilson officiated, and Miss M. M'Cullough presided at the or-gan. The church decorations were the work of Mrs. W. Bell, of Manly. The bride, who was given away by her father, was gowned in ivory crepe de Chine, trim-med with Chantilly lace, medallions, and silver sequins. She wore a tulle veil with a coronet of orange blossoms, and carried a bouquet of water lilies. The bridesmaid was Miss Marjory Adams (sister of the bride); who wore a shell pink mariette frock with mauve trimmings. Her bouquet was of pink gladioli. Mr. Claude Booth, of Yeppoon, acted as best man. The mother of the bride wore a frock of black crepe de Chine, relieved with a posy of pansies, and the bridegroom's mother wore a grey spun crepe de Chine gown. The bride's travelling frock was of apple green mariette. On their return from the honeymoon, the young couple will reside at Rockhampton. Stafford—Voss. At, St. James's Church, Burwood (N.S.W.), on November 12, the Rev. Kinmont celebrated the marriage of Mr. James Stafford (eldest son of Mr. and Mrs. J. Stafford, of Talgabrar, Inglewood) and Miss Ethel Voss (fourth daughter of the late Mr H. H. Voss and Mrs. Voss, Inglewood, and late of Glen Innes), The
bride, who was given away by her uncle, wore a gown of delphinium blue georg-ette, mounted on beaded crepe de Chine of the same colour. Her long cut tulle veil, which was lent by her aunt, Mrs. D. Schurer, Strathfield, was caught to the head with a wreath of orange blossoms, and held in place with a pearl coronet. She carried a sheaf of November lilies tied with long streamers of white tulle, and wore a diamond clutter dress ring, a gift from the bridegroom. Miss F. Manier (Earlwood, and a cousin of the bride) was bridesmaid. She chose for her frock brick red georgette and chantilly lace, with a picture hat in the same tone. She carried a posy of pink radiance roses and maidenhair fern tied with pink tulle streamers. Mr. L. Maurer (Lismore) was best man. After the ceremony the bride's sister, Mrs. Jack Davidson, received about 50 guests at her residence, Heather, Bur-wood, wearing a gown of black cashmere de soie mounted on white georgette and buff coloured lace, and a yedda straw hat to match. On leaving for the honey-moon, which is being spent at Katoomba, the bride wore a frock of sandalwood mariette and French pleated georgette, with a large hat to match. Their future home will be at Meadowbank. Taylor—Owen. A WEDDING of interest to many resi-dents of Queensland was solemnised in St. Joseph's Church, Townsville, on De-cember 7, when Dr. Henry John Taylor (second son of the late Mr. John Taylor, and of Mrs. Taylor, Mackay) was mar-ried to Miss Aimee Claire Owen (fourth daughter of Mr. and Mrs. P. H. Owen, Agra, Paxton-street, Townsville). The marriage was solemnised with a nuptial mass by the Right Rev. Monsignor Bourke, V.G., assisted by the Rev. Father Feeney. The church was artis-tically decorated by the Sisters of Mercy. The Children of Mercy, of whose Sodality the bride was a member, formed a guard of honour. Mrs. M. Ryan presided at the organ, and Miss Margaret Gard played the violin. The bride, who was given away by her father, wore a frock of white mariette, effectively embroid-ered in chalk beads, and finished with a silver girdle and spray of orange blos-soms. The veil was lent by Mrs. A. Reid (Brisbane). Tha bouquet was of white lilies and maidenhair fern, tied with tulle and satin ribbon streamers. Miss Mabel Owen (the bride's sister) was bridesmaid. She wore a frock of pale pink beaded mariette, with a crino-line straw hat to tone, and she carried a bouquet of pink and white asters. Little Miss Noreen Rooney (niece of the bride) acted as train-bearer, and wore a pale pink mariette frock, and a hat of the same colour. Master Desmond Jacklin (nephew of the bridegroom) was page boy, wearing a white satin suit. Mr. J. Shanahan carried out the duties of best man. During the ceremony Messes J. G. Rooney and D. Foley rendered vocal solos. At her home, Agra, after the ceremony, Mrs. Owen received the guests, wearing a frock of black crepe de Chine and French-pleated mariette, with a hat to tone. The tables were pret-tily decorated in royal blue and old gold, the bridegroom's college colours. The handsome wedding cake was made by Mrs. J. P. Houghton, Mareeba (sister of the bride). The bridal couple left by the Ormiston for Melbourne, Sydney, and the Blue Mountains, the bride wearing a frock of navy crepe de Chine, relieved with red, with a hat to match. Golden Wedding. A PLEASING day was recently spent at Lena Vale, Goomeri, the residence of Mr. and Mrs. C. A. Heathwood, when the family of Mr. and Mrs. F. Klumpp, sen., entertained their parents in honour of their golden wedding. The table at which the wedding breakfast was served was decorated with gold and mauve flowers, and overhead was suspended a bunch of orange blossoms and a canopy of gold and mauve streamers. In front of the guests of honour was a three-tier wedding cake, decorated with golden lucky em-blems. Mr. and Mrs. Klumpp were old residents of Mount Gravatt and of the Logan district. Mr. Klumpp arrived in Queensland in 1853, and Mrs. Klumpp in 1866. They have four sons, seven daugh-ters, thirty-three grandchildren, and six great-grandchildren.