15 Oct 1955 - WOMAN WALES WEDDING AND PARIS HONEYMOON
Telegraph (Brisbane, Qld. : 1955 - 1965), Saturday 15 October 1955, page 6
EKEI WALES WEDDING
AND PARIS HONEYMOON
Sk WEDDING in Wales, a honeymoon in Paris, and a home in Malaya is the " happy lot of a Lismore lass, Ann Robertson who is being married today.
Ann, who is the elder daughter of Dr. and Mrs. Mure Robertson, of Lismore, has many
Brisbane friends.
Her parents are well, known in Queensland, where they formerly lived in Brisbane and Childers. After completing her nursing training, Ann went overseas last year. She met her husband-to-be, Captain John Hurrell, RA, in the romantic country of . Austria when she was on a ski-ing holiday and he was on leave from his military post in Germany. Captain Hurrell is the elder son of Lieut.-Colonel and Mrs. J. H. Hurrell, of Arthog, Merioneth Wales, and the ceremony is taking place in St. Catherine Chinch, Arthog. The wedding reception will be held at the Golden Lyon, Dolgelley. The bride's mother is . at the wedding, and the bride, wearing a gown of French pearl satin,' is being attended by an Australian girl, Ruth Roxborough. After a honeymoon in Jersey and Paris, the bride and bridegroom will sail on November 23 for Malaya, where Captain Hurrell will rejoin his regiment. ? pONSIDER ABLE Brisbane interest is attached to the news that Mr. and Mrs. Lindsay Thomson, of Seattle, . Washington, arc to arrive late this month on a visit . of three months and will stay with Mr. and Mrs. Leslie Beardmore, of Taringa. Mrs. Thomson, who was the widow of the late Horace McPher-son, of Brisbane, is a sister of Mrs. Beard-more. This will be .her first visit here since she left five years ago to be married in America. Peter McPherson, who is out west, will fly to Brisbane to meet his mother and step-father. Mrs. Thomson's friends here are looking forward to seeing her again and meeting her husband. ? M" R. PATRICK ' O'HAGAN the singer touring for the . 3C, is a cousin of Mr. J. D. O'Hagan, of Annerley. Mr. and Mrs. O'Hagan have invited him to attend the party night at their home in aid of the Mount Olivet Younger Set.
About 250 guests will 0 welcomed by the president (Miss Margaret Luck) and committee members. ? T)APHNE LORRAINE, youngest daughter
of Mr. and Mrs. G. Holman, of Paddi n g -ton, whose ment to Ken n e t h Albert, eldest son of Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Toon, of Red Hill,
is announced. ? WEDDING in the offing for Marguerite Mee, daughter of State Electoral officer Mr. Thomas Mee and Mrs. Mee, of Ashgrove, who will marry Br. Aubrey Tonkin, ' of Adelaide. , The bridal party is doing a good deal of travelling to converge on Hobart where the wedding will be held next Saturday in the quaint old church of St. Joseph's, Macquarie Street. . -The matron of honour. Mrs. Des. Jacklin, of Mackay. with her husband and two children. will drive to Melbourne and cross by ship to Tasmania, taking their car "with them. Bridesmaid Marie Mezger. of Ashgrove, will fly down on Tuesday.  The bride, who has been living in Tasmania for the past year, will wear white lace and her attendants pastel brocade frocks. The reception will be held at Beach Hotel, Sandy Bay. and after the a honeymoon tour of Tasmania the couple will settlp In Hobart.