25 Nov 1926 - Family Notices
Argus (Melbourne, Vic. : 1848 - 1957), Thursday 25 November 1926, page 1
Jin order to guard ngulnet imposition, Birth,
llirrhige Death, and In Meraonam notices must be authenticated bj come reputable person to ensure their insertion 3
Birth, Marriage, Death, Bereavement, In Memo
nain, and Funeral Notices, up to 0 Unes, 3/,
extra lines at Cd
BIRTHS.
KILL (nee Lois Murphy). — At Muswell Hill,
Gleniris, to Mr. and Mrs. Frank Hill—a son.
McNICOL (nee McCorkindale). — On the 17th
November, at Glenelg private hospital, Caster-ton, to Mr. and Mrs. J. F. McNicol, of Nan-gella—a daughter (Patricia Mary).
PEPPARD. —On the 18th November, at 9 Howe
crescent, South Melbourne, the wife of J. J. Peppard—a daughter.
SCOTT. — To Mr. and Mrs. F. R. Scott, Orrong,
Holbrook—a daughter (Belle Ros).
DEATHS.
BEAUCHAMP. —On 17th November, at St. Leon-
ards, Sydney, Daphne Jean (Bluebell), beloved wife of F. Beauchamp, mother of Pauline, and beloved daughter of the late Mr. Thomas and
Mrs. Ada Harrod.
BLAIR. —On the 16th November, at her residence,
343 High street, Bendigo, Catherine, relict of the late William Crowther Blair, and dearly loved mother of Molly and Frank, and loved sister of Mrs. Mary Parkinson, Daylesford.
R.I.P.
GAYNOR. —On the 23rd November, at Euroa, John,
beloved husband of Ellen Gaynor, father of
John, Ellen, Patrick, Thomas, Kathleen, and Mary, in his 68th year. R.I.P.
LING. —On the 23rd November, 1926 (suddenly), at
his parents' residence, Wallington, Wilfred Law-rence, the dearly loved second son of Thomas and Elizabeth Ling, and loved brother of Clarence, Percy, and Dorothy (Mrs Anderson), Ariah Park (N.S.W.), aged 34 years.
MARSDEN. —On the 24th November, at Malvern,
Hilton Heslop, dearly beloved husband of Annie Blanche Marsden, of Pelaw, 5 State street, East Malvern, and loving son-in-law of Mrs. Mary Moylan, also loved brother in law of Grace, Les, Rose, Clarrie, Mona, and Kitty, aged 35 years.
At Rest.
McALLEN. —On the 24th November, 1926, at the
Children's Hospital, Melbourne, Joan, the darl-ing little daughter of Dorian and Alice McAllen, loving sister of Gwyn, aged two months and five
days.
Our darling bud in heaven.
McINTYRE. —On the 24th November, at his re-
sidence, No. 2 Westminster street, Oakleigh, Robert McIntyre, beloved husband of Margaret Ann, and loving father of Matilda, John, Joseph (deceased), James, Robert, Millie, Joseph, and Isabel, late of Cobram, aged 58 years.
MUNT. — On the 21st November, 1926, at her resi-
dence, Stephen street, Hamilton, Isabella T. Munt, relict of the late James Munt, Macarthur, and loved mother of Annie (deceased), Isabella (Mrs. Crowther, Port Fairy), Agnes, and Ellen (Mrs. Malcolm, Stephen street, Hamilton), in her 84th year. A colonist of 72 years.
O'NEILL. —On the 24th November, 1926, at the
residence of her son-in-law (Mr. James Brace), 65 Brunswick street, Fitzroy, Catherine Mary, the dearly beloved wife of the late John O'Neill, of Maryborough, Victoria (formerly of the Rail-ways department).
Requiescat in pace.
PRICE.—On the 23rd November, at Kyneton,
William Henry Price, of Macedon Upper, dearly loved husband of Hannah Price, and loving father of William (Macedon) and Grace (Mrs. Hayhoe, Launceston), aged 73 years.
PYKE. —On the 23rd November, at 62 Andrew
street, Windsor, Lewis Edward, the dearly be-loved husband of Annie Pyke, and loving father of Julia (Mrs. Fred Leslie), Joseph, and Harry (Ireland), aged 75 years. Minyan at the resi-dence of Mr. Joseph Pyke, Bisham, Toorak road, South Yarra, Thursday evening only, at 8
o'clock.
May his soul rest in peace.
ROWLER. —On the 24th November, at Melbourne,
Michael Rowler (late of Metropolitan Gas Co., South Melbourne), aged 72 years.
Rest in peace.
RYAN. —On the 23rd November, Frederick James
Ryan of 90 Bayswater road, Kensington, the dearly loved husband of Louisa, and loving father of Fred, Mavis, Marie, and Thelma, aged 47 years.
Rest in peace.
SPUNNER. —On the 23rd November, at his resi-
dence, 6 Chomley street, Windsor, William Henry, only son of the late William and Eliza-beth Spunner, of Creswick, relict of Agnes Spunner, and dearly loved father of William A., Victor R., George R., Maud F. (Mrs C. W. Ward), aged 61 years.
SPUNNER. —On the 23rd November, at his resi-
dence, 6 Chomley street, Windsor, William Henry, only son of the late William and Eliza-beth Spunner, of Creswick, and brother of Mrs. Knapman, H. F. Spunner, E. J. Spunner, Mrs. Anderson, Mrs. Somerville (W.A.), and late Mrs. Elshaug, aged 61 years.
SPUNNER. —On the 23rd November, at Windsor,
William Henry, the beloved grandfather of Bill and Dick, (Mentone), Vic. (Kensington),
Joyce and Thelma (Wonthaggi), Marie, George, and Audrey (South Melbourne), Billy, George, and Mary Ward, Tambo Upper.
SHEWRING. —On the 23rd November, 1926, at
The Eye and Ear Hospital, Frederick Albert, the beloved eldest son of Mary and the late Herbert Shewring, beloved brother of Will, and grandson of Frederick and Mary Jarrett, of 48 Roseberry street, Auburn, aged 21 years.
VEASEY. —On the 23rd November (result of motor
accident), John Veasey, of 6 Evelina road, Toorak, dearly beloved husband of Jean Veasey, aged 67 years.
WILLIAMS. —On the 16th November, at Sister
Burt's private hospital, Albury, Bert, dearly loved husband of Lottie, loving father of Percy, Charlie, Amy, Nellie, and little Neta, loving brother of Kate (deceased), Alice (Mrs. Smith), Anne (Mrs. Lawson), Ted, Jim (deceased), Nellie (Mrs. A. Forbes), and Sam (of Talgarno).
Dear Bert.
—(Inserted by family.)
IN MEMORIAM.
On Active Service.
BENSON. —In loving memory of my dear son and
our brother, Bomb. W. H. Benson (Bill), 5th Battery, 2nd F.A. Brigade, who died from wounds, Gallipoli, on the 25th November, 1915.
Ever remembered. —(Mother, Olive, Frank )
McMILLAN. —In loving memory of my pal, Neil
McMillan, died of wounds at Lone Pine on November 25, 1915. (Inserted by Roy McLen-nan.) 
AITKEN. —In fondest loving memory of our treas-
ured only child, Marjorie Norma, who fell asleep on the 25th November, 1918, in her 13th year.
Too dearly loved to ever be forgotten.
—(Inserted by her loving parents, N. and A. Aitken, Normaville, Francis street, Prahran.)
BAKER. — In loving memory of Mr. Edmund
Baker (late Home missionary, of Swan Hill), who departed this life November 25, 1913; also Mrs. E. Baker, who departed this life September 7, 1916.
Always fondly remembered.
—(Inserted by their daughters, Mrs. A. Arnott and Mrs. W. Dunn, Swan Hill.
BEAMES. — In sad but loving memory of my
dear wife, Susannah, who passed away in her sleep November 25, 1925, aged 75 years.
God knows how I miss you,
He counts the tears I shed ;
But whispers hush, she only sleeps,
Your loved one is not dead.
—(Inserted by her loving husband, R. Beames.)
BEAMES. — In loving memory of our dear mother,
who passed away at Nullawarre on November
25, 1925.
Treasured memories of one so dear Are oft recalled with a silent tear,
Dearer to memory than words can tell
Is a mother we lost and loved so well.
Ever remembered.
—(Inserted by her loving daughter and son-in-law, M. and W. Murphy.)
BEAMES. — In loving memory of our dear
grandma, who passed away on November 25, 1925.
Her memory is so sweet and dear,
Treasured always with love sincere. —(Inserted by Linda and Nita Murphy.)
BEAMES. — In loving memory of our dear
grandma, who passed away at Nullawarre, No-
vember 25, 1925.
Three little words—forget me not,
They don't seem much, but mean a lot. —(Inserted by S. and R. Murphy.)
BEAMES. — In loving memory of our dear
friend, who was called home at Nullawarre on November 25, 1925, to receive her reward for all her kind deeds and actions which will always live in the hearts of those who loved her.
We miss you most, who loved you best. —(K. and T. Baxter.)
BEAMES. — In fond and loving memory of our
dear mother and grandma who passed away suddenly on November 25, 1925.
Gone is the face we loved so dear,
Silent is the voice we loved to hear.
A memory dearer than words can tell Of our dear mother we loved so well;
For it is only those who loved her know How much we lost one year ago.
Just a line of sweet remembrance
Of a grandma fond and true ; Time and absence cannot sever
Our loving thoughts of you.
—(Inserted by her loving daughter and son-in-law, S. and W. Rasmussen, and grandchildren.)
BEAMES. — In loving memory of our dear mother,
who fell asleep at Nullawarre, November 25, 1925.
Sadly missed.
Not passed away the love,
So rich, so true so pure ; But perfected above,
And ever to endure
Those happv hours we once enjoyed, When we were all together.
—(Inserted by her loving daughter and son-in-law, G. and L. Cleeve and grandchildren.)
BELL. —In memory of a loved brother, Charles,
who died at Sydney parade, Geelong, November
25, 1925, the beloved youngest son of the late Robert and Mary Bell, formerly of Bloomsbury street, Chilwell, Geelong aged 63 years.
My brother and friend. —(E.B.)
BURTON. —In sad and loving memory of my dear
husand, Harry, who passed away on November
25, 1921, beloved father of Harry (deceased), Ernest, and Edith, also my dear son and our dear brother, Harry, who was accidentally drowned at Camperdown, February 20, 1911,
aged 15 years.
Fondly loved and sadly missed. —(Inserted by his wife and family.)
GOWERS. —In loving memory of our dear hus-
band and father, George Gowers, who died on November 25, 1924. (Inserted by his wife and
family.)
GREASLY. —In loving memory of mv dear brother,
Frank, who passed away at Williamstown on 25th November, 1925. (Inserted by his loving sister, Emma Reed.)
IN MEMORIAM.
GRIFFITH. —In loving memory of my niece, who
died November 25, 1925, at Clifton Hill.
In jest you said we would miss you,
Your words have proved too true; I lost the best and sweetest girl,
Dear niece, when I lost you. —(Inserted by Uncle Tom.)
HARDING. —In loving memory of my dear hus-
band, Wilfred, dear daddy of Donnie and Kennie, passed away November 25, 1921.
Nothing can ever take nwny
The love a heart holds dear;
Fond memories linger every day,
Remembrance keeps him near.
—(Inserted by his loving wife, 65 Jessie street, Preston.)
HARDING. —In loving memory of my dear son,
Wilfred, who passed from this life, November 25,
1921.
What tho' in lonely grief we sigh For one beloved, no longer nigh, Submissive still we would reply—
Thy will be done. —(Inserted by dad.)
HARDING. —In loving memory of Francis Wilfred,
my dearly loved eldest son, and our brother, who passed to eternal peace on November 25,
1921.
Ever remembered by those who loved bim best.
—(Inserted by his laving mother, sister, and brothers.)
HUNTER. —In loving memory of my dear husband
and our dear father, who passed away at Ben-digo, 25th November, 1923.
Loved and remembered the same to-day As in the hour you passed away.
—(Inserted by loving wife and family.)
JAMES. —In loving memory of my dear father,
who passed away at his residence, Bright, on the 24th November, 1923.
Always fondly remembered.
—(Inserted by his loving daughter, Gertie, son-in-law, Ted, and little grandchild Elsa.)
LILBURN. —In loving memory of our dear
mother, who passed away at Kew on November 25, 1925; also our dear father, who died 21st September, 1924. (Inserted by their loving sons and daughter-in-law.)
MANSON. —In loving memory of our dear brother,
James Hugh, who died, result of accident at Port Franklin, on the 25th November, 1924; also our dear father, who died at Hilldene, Sey-mour, on the 24th August, 1924.
Our thoughts return to scenes long past. Years roll on, but memories last.
—(Inserted by their loved ones, Hilldene, Sey-mour.) 
MANSON. —In memory of James H. Manson (Jim),
who died, the result of an accident, at Port Franklin November 25, 1924.
Ever remembered
—(Inserted by E. R., F. G., and H. W. Cripps.) McCANN. —In sad but loving memory of my dear
wife and our loving mother, who departed this life November 23, 1925.
Tho* gone from us,
Shall not bo forgotten.
—(Inserted by her loving husband and sons.)
McDONNELL. —In loving memory of my dear
father, John Francis, who passed away on 25th November, 1925.
Sweet is the word remembrance,
As these few lines will show;
You will always bo remembered, dear dad,
As years they come and go,
—(Inserted by his loving son and daughter-in-law, Jim, Maud, and grandson Jim.)
SHELDON. —In loving memory of Lieut.-Colonel
R. E. Sheldon, late R. E. and R.A.E., who died 25th November, 1925. (Inserted by his loving wife and sons.)
SLEETH. —In loving memory of our dear little
Stannie, who passed away 25th November, 1918.
Tenderly we loved him, and we dearly love
him still;
No space of timo, no lapse of yea«, can dim
our lavo for him.
—(Inserted by grandma and auntie.)
SLEETH. —In loving memory of our little darling
Stannie, who passed away 25th November, 1918, dearly loved son of S. and E. Sleeth, of South Gippsland.
Stannie and Grandpa reunited.
Fold them, O Father, in Thine arms,
And let them henceforth be Messengers of love between
Our human hearts and Thee.
—(Inserted by S. and E. Sleeth, brother, and sister.)
WEIR. —In sad memory of our dearly loved son
and brother, Fred, drowned while bathing with schoolmates at Kilmore, November 25, 1916.
R.I.P.
Love lights the gloom of sorrow,
Faith sees the dawn to be;
Hope waits the glad to-morrow
That brings me nearer thee.
Sadly missed.
—(Inserted by his mother.)
WHITE. —In cherished memory of my dear wife
and our dear mother, Jean White, who passed away at Bellair street, Kensington, on 25th November, 1923.
Nothing can take away
The love a heart holds dear,
Fond memories linger every day,
Remembrance keeps them near.
Loved and remembered as well to-day As in the hour you passed away.
—(Inserted by her loving husband, W. E. White, and family, Kensington.)
BEREAVEMENT CARDS.
McLAREN. —The Sons and Daughters of the late
Mrs. MARY McLAREN desire to express their sincere THANKS to all kind friends and re-latives for letters, telegrams, cards, and floral tributes during their recent sad bereavement. Will all please acccpt this as a personal acknow-ledgment of their gratitude. 459 St. George's rd., Thornbury. MRS. P. C. DONOVAN desires to express her sincere THANKS to all kind friends for letters,
telegrams, and personal expressions of sympathy during her recent sad bereavement. Will all please accept this as a personal acknowledgment of her gratitude. San Carlo, Birdwood street, Parkdale.
FUNERAL NOTICES.
KELTY. —The Friends of the late Miss MARY ELLEN KELTY are respectfully invited to
follow her remains to the place of interment, in
the Fawkner Cemetery.
The funeral is appointed to move from private mortuary, 219 Victoria street, West Melbourne, THIS MORNING (Thunday), at 11 o'clock.
ALFRED ALLISON, Funeral Director (estab. 1854), Head office, 221 Victoria street, Melbourne West. 'Phone F1980.
LING. —The Friends of Mr. and Mrs. THOMAS LING are respectfully informed that the remains of their dearly loved second son, Wilfred Lawrence, will be interred in the Eastern Cemetery, Geelong.
The funeral will leave his parents' residence, Wallington, THIS DAY (Thursday, 25th November 1926) at 1 o clock.
ALEX. MONRO, Funeral Director, 24 Ryrie
street, Geelong, 'Phone 1386.
MARSDEN. —The Friends of the late Mr.
HILTON HESLOP MARSDEN are informed that his funeral will leave his residence, Pelaw,
No. 5 State street, East Malvern, THIS DAY (Tlmnwhy) at 1 o clock p m for interment in the Cheltenham Cemetery, arriving at j uO o clock
RUHOUIDS luncnl Director-, op station, Malv '. '""_ MeAI hi N -lim 1 rlcnds of Mr DORIAN
McALM N aro icepeclfully invited to follow tlio remains of Ina darling- little daughter Joan
lo the placo of interment, the Now Scjmour
Cemetcr}
The funeral is appointed to move from Mr McUlen s resllence Ililli street, Seymour, Fridav Ivovomber 2C at 1 p m
(, DIGGLL, funeral Director, head office, G17 Spencer strtet foi H2S2_
O'NEILL - The Friends of the late Mrs
ClWllltlNC M\R\ OMIll (former!} of Malborough, Victoria), are respectfull} notifie 1 that her funeril will fake plate private!} Io morrow (trida}), leaving the nilwa} station Mayborough on arrival of the C 10 a m train from Melliourne for the Mar} borough Cemetery
Gil \S r 1 HU AY I'TV ITD , 201 Lonsdale sL (op Melbourne Hospital) Cent G490, Brunswick 4£_ PRICE -The Irlcnls of the late Mr WILLIAM
. IIFMtV PRICI of Macedon Up|cr arc re siectfull} Informel that lils remains will be in terre 1 in the Macedon Cemetcr}
The funenl from Ivvnrton will arrive at the remeten (.iles THIS D VA (Thursday, November 2j), at half past 4 o clocl
I HI NSON, Motor Mineral Service Erndon
I hone ril
PYKE.—The Friends of the late Mr. LEWIS
EDWARD PYKE are respectfully invited to follow his remains to the place of interment,
Brighton Cemetery.
The funeral will leave his residence, 62 Andrew street, Prahran, THIS DAY (Thursday, the 25th
November), at 10.30 o'clock.
JOHN DALEY, Undertaker, Latrobe and Spring Streets, Melbourne. Telephone 827.
ROWLER - rho friends of the late MtCIIALIj
ROWLFR arc respectfully invited to follow his remains to the place of interment, in the
Heidelberg Cometen
The funeral íb appointed to move from private mortuar} 210 Victoria street, West Melbourne, THIS DAI (Tliurslav), at a quarter to 4 o clock
AlfltbD ALLISON funeral Director (cstab 18,i4), Head Office ¿21 Victoria street, Melbourne West Thone 113S0_ RYAN-The friends of the late JRFDERICh **. J\MfS> It\ \N are respectfullv Imltcd to follow his remains to the place of interment, in the favvknei Ccmeterv
The funeral is appointed to move frcm his lite rcsllnce No 's) r¡a}svatcr road Kensington, Tills DU (Thurela}), at 2 o clock p m
UJRfD ALIISON, luncnl Director
IS.,!) Ilacecourse road, Newmarket Thone f '17_
SHEWRING, -The frirais or the late Mi
FREDERICK ALBERT SHEWRING, late of IS Ito'eberr} street. Auburn arc Inv lied to follow lils remains to the «ox Hill Cemetcr}
The funeral will leave the office of Le TMni
Son, ".,7 Durwood road Hawthorn, THIS DU (lhunduv, Ivovcmbor 2j, 1826), nt half past "
11441 Haw thorn 811_
SPUNNER - The Friends of the late Mr
WILLIAM HENRY SPUNNER (late of Vic torian Railways) are respectfully invited to follow his remains to the place of interment, the Mel bourne General Cemetcry, Carlton.
The funeral will leave his residence, 6 Chomley street, East Prahran, THIS DAY (Thursday, the 25thh November), at 2 o'clock.
E. BURTON and SON, Motor Funeral Service, 261 Malvern road South Yarra. Win 728. jSlLVfNS- friends of the lato Mrs. Fl LEV O STFVHNS are Informed that her tcmalns will be interred in the Hcroondani Ceraeterv, Kew
The funeral will move from her residence, No 33 Clifton street Richmond THIS DU (Thurs elav 2oth November), at 2 p m and will proceed to St Stephen i Church of England, thence, after u short serv ice to cemetery
HrnnrilT KING and SONS Undertake», Len a»x street, RkhinonA, Thone JS1C2
FUNERAL NOTICES.
VCASh\ - rrlonda of the late Mr IOH\
\hASr\ o( C 1 icllm ron] Toorak are In formel that hi¿ remains will be Interred in the Ilrifrhton Cometen
The funeral «ill le^o tie rosi lonco ot Mr OrorBC Wilcox 7 Itunbon roa I, Toorak THIS MORMNt) (ThlimlaO at li o clock
11 MATTHHVS I n IT» Motor Junornl Ser vice South Wra, and at Caulfield nn I Oakleigh