09 Aug 1916 - LAKES ENTRANCE.
Bairnsdale Advertiser and Tambo and Omeo Chronicle (Vic. : 1882 - 1946), Wednesday 9 August 1916, page 2
LAKES ENTRANCE. Tuesday, August 8. About 200 people assembled in the Mechanics' Hall on Saturday evening last to bid farewell to Corporal Edmund P. Burke, and Pte. Percy Pepper. The for-mer is well-known at Bairnsdale, where his relatives reside. He served with dis-tinction in the South African war. There were two other soldiers present also, who had been farewelled a few weeks ago, but unexpectedly were able to take ano-ther run down home. The public was delighted to see them as they are widely respected. They are Ptes. Wm. Todd, of Lakes Entrance, and Chas. Ward, of Lake Tyers. A nice little programme of songs and addresses was presented. The vocalists were Miss Phillips, Miss T. Wylde, and Mrs F. Harbeck. Miss Phillps also played the accompaniments. The speakers were Councillor R. S. Broome (chairman) Mr J. R. Coate, Rev. R. Birch, and the Rev Mr Miles. At the conclusion of the pro-gramme, Cr. Suding expressed the good wishes of the public and assured the men of the high esteem in whch they were held by the people of Lakes Entrance. He then, on behalf of the public, pre-sented Corporal Burke and Pte Pepper with a silver-mounted wallet each. Mr Gilsenan, on behalf of the recruiting committee and some friends, presented Cpl. Burke with an illuminated wristlet watch as a token of their esteem and as an expression of appreciation of the splendid work done by him as a mnher of the recruiting committee. The soldiers were then treated to mus:cal honors. Both of them made happy replies. The proceedings closed with the singing of the National Anthem. The last few days have brought us a budget of bad news. This has cast a gloom over the place. A few days ago Mr and Mrs J. Gray received a cable informing them that their son, Pte. James Gray, was wounded. A similar cable message was received a day or two later by Mr and Mrs R. Henning, conveying the news to them that their son, Pte. G. Henning, had been wounded, About the same time Mr Liddelow, head teacher of the school, received word that one of his brothers was wounded and the other one missing. Then on Monday mornig came the news that Pte. Algie Bell, son of Mr and Mrs W. B. Bell had died of wounds received in recent fighting. This sheaf of tad news has filled our hearts with sadness and has called forth widespread sympathy with the anxious and gr:ef-stricken famiies. The only two sons of Mr and Mrs Bell who were of age enlisted, and both of them have now laid down their lEvs. The late Thos. Bell was in the Postal department prior to enlsting, and "Algie" was fireman on the J.C.D. Both were very estimable young men.