12 Aug 1919 - ETON.
Daily Mercury (Mackay, Qld. : 1906 - 1954), Tuesday 12 August 1919, page 2
KTOX.
WELCOME HOME.
(From Our Con-eai-oiul'V.it.)
A great Kathc-.-ing of residents all over the district of Eton and Homcbu:.'h mot at Xe'y's Hall on Saturday ligl'.t to welcome a batch of returnid Tftaniiinc-i, who bad done thsir; bit at ithe front and returned to their old district and '-homes. These brave jbya, laoked hearty and were- cheered
to the ccl:,o as they marched up the iniTl to 'the stage whore seating ac2o:i5Tnc.:lr.'.ion was pr-epared for them, fha fclloAV/ng returned men wore present: Messrs. W. Shepherd, A. TIo;kins', R. Flaherty, J. Flaherty, Nr. Sneyd, N. Keen, E. Hatficld, L. Evan-1. J. ? Clayden, H. Morris, W. Dunn. ).V. Jacklin, T. MfcEwen, and 'Ci'i't Cr'ibct:', alii of whose names are :mi tiio Fjion honor board. Mr. Pearson.. Ciia-Vman of tho Patriotic Comm'lLtcc, occii'picd tho chair, and with him were Messrs. C. IT. C. Ross1, Fred Keen, and R. D. Dunne. After the sinking of the National Anthem the Chairman welcomed the returned soldiers .find a musical programme was
aarnjid out. Tho overture was played by M.iss- Jo3s;c Ross, and Messrs. David'S'on, La.mont, and Sl-mm, and Uiie Misses Ross, Lollo and Leeson, ware the prlnc'.pal vosalists contribulin.s ~to Wie evening's enjoyment. The acccimpanists .iWere the Misse3 Ros-3 and Ney, and Mesdames Davidson, Hainiion, and Porter. Messrs. Kaon and Dunne addressed the meeting aud complimented the returned mehi uipon. the ibravo spirit they main'!:aine:l throughout the war, which e»a'blod them' to ])eri'oiin deeds' that would go down from generation to 'generation as being worthy o£ the tu-ealej't and 'bravest1 .nation., that- ever existed. ? - ' ' -After singing 'God Save the Ki-n?' the hali was cleared for dancing, which was keipt tip t'll midnight. M'iss Ncrthy presided at the piano mil addad g.reatly to the enjoyment of tihe dancers. Th.e hall :was. most tasltefuilily decorated with flags and evergreens; one laige flag at ' the fronit oif the stage liore the inscription,, 'Peace/ ami had a dove at each, suie, a.;n! another was inscribed wJth 'Welcome Home.' . Cor.si-;cu-ous above them all was the bravt old Union Jack floating pro.i.iij' over the great gattoaring; Mr. Sneyd .returnetl tJianks for his returned comrades in a happy speech. Refreshments supplied by the ladies of the idi'strict were served out during the evening, and the gathering broke up proud of having so .many of their own brave Etonian boys . amongst tiicm once more, eight of whom of the SO np.mes on the honor 'board had won decorations for bravery at the bsttle front. The last batch o'£ Etonians is expected shortly.