10 Oct 1931 - Circuit Court.
Daily Mercury (Mackay, Qld. : 1906 - 1954), Saturday 10 October 1931, page 3
Circuit Court t
? *- ? IX CUIMINAri -.TURISDICTIOIf.
Tho sitllnffh ol Ilio Oil cult Couit In JIaoUiiv wpic continued ycslcidny bo£oro Mi Justii-D Bionnan. Rrbort M'Domild and Chaflos muck plsudcil iu»t Kuilty to the chaigo\tlial on' August 10, 1931, at Cameron's Pocket. they* Btolo '.a' drum;.
of ben/ine contnlniitg 14 gallons, lUo propoity of William I'attulo. Tlio Acting-Crown Proserutoi (Mr J P i Quinnr appealed for the Cliown and Mi A Hv Hartley aii.-i l-satd tor accused The following im y was sworn — Robert Allen, Robert John Pitts, Frederick Wilhelm Bebendorf, Wil-
liam James M'Erlane, William Her-bert Kampman, Harold Draman, Timothy Lee, Walter Neale, Frederick Charles Field, Albert Charles Ed-ward Searle, John Campbell, Joseph Walter Laws. Outlining the case for the Crown, Mr Quinn stated that the com-plainant, William Pattulo, on August 8 purchased a 44-gallon drum of benzine from Croker & Sons. The benzino was- loaded on complainant's lorry and taken to Cameron Pocket. Not being able to enter the farm with the lorry, Pattulo left it on a side track. Early next morning complainant was awakened by the noise of a motor car. He got up and had a look at the time, took ahurri--cane lamp and a gun— the lamp, was not lighted and the gun was not load-ed-and went to his lorry. The drum was on the lorry. . Complainant look up a position on the side of the road and noticed two men coming towards him. He saw these men ap-proach the lorry, roll the petrol drum off the lorry and down the road. Shortly afterwards the men approach-et him in a motor lorry and went past. He tried to catch up to the lorry, but failed. The lorry turned around, complainant, lit the lantern, placed it in the centre of the road, together with a block of wood, and called out to the men, 'Stop, Police !' Complainant noticed the drum on the lorry, jumped aboard, and was attacked and was caused to fall off. Complainant reported the matter to Constable Galliagher, who made inquiries, and eventually ac-cused were arrested. The Crown Prosecutor detailed certain happen-ings associated with the investiga-tions, and said that he proposed to establish by evidence that accused were the men who took the drum of benzine,
Constable J. J. Gallagher, stat-ioned at Kolijo, stated that in con-sequence of a letter he received on August 11 he proveeded to a farm at Cameron's Pocket, where he saw Wil-liam Pattulo. Later he was shown a motor lorry, saw impressions on the ground, and followed newly made motor tracks. He subsequently in-terviewed M'Donald, informed him of the complaint and M'Doaald replied that complainant was a liar, that 'h tried to bail us up on the road with an old gun and threw a block of wood on the road. Charlie (mean ing Bluck) went for him, and he went like a wallaby through the cane. M'Donald stated that they went to Shannon's that night and later went, on to Andy Cameron's place. M'Donald said that if Pat-tulo took them to Court they would "go him for holding them up with a gun." M'Donald said to Pattulo, 'If you want Court work we will give you a — of it." The next day the constable said he saw Bluck, and questioned him and on August 21 served each accused with. a summons charging them with stealing a drum of benzine. M'Donald said, "We'll put a barrel into him now; we'll go him for wages, and make him squeal." Bluck made no reply. Mr. Hartley : Did'you know that Pattulo had accused Andy Cameron of stealing the benzine? — No. Would it be news to you to know that he did? — Yes. If that fatal statement had been brought under your notice, would you have, made inquiries?— Yes. Witness said that he searched in every direction for the missing ben-zine. 
Andrew Cameron farmer, residing at Cameron's Pocket, stated that he purchased a farm from Bluck and Bluck continued to reside on the farm He went to bed on August 10, about 8.3O p.m. and after being in bed, for some time he heard a noise and got up. He saw M'Donald outside, ap-parently asleep on the lorry. He did not know what the time was. He went back to bed, got up at 5.30 a.m. and M'Donald was still asleep on the lorry Bluck was in bed. So far as he knew M'Donald had never pre-viously slept on the lorry. M'Donald spoke to witness later that morning
aad told him that Pattulo had bailed, him up the night before and continu-ally used the term, "Stop, Andy ! '' Witness eventually had a conversa-tion with Pattulo Mr Hartley : Pattulo accused you of stealing the benzine ? — Yes; he said that he did not think too much of me. Naturally you felt annoyed ?— Yes. Witness said that he explained to
Pattulo that he had nothing to do with the matter at all and that he was brought into it by Bluck and M'Donald calling out "Andy !' Thomas Richard Spurrier, storeman, Jas. Croker & Sons, gave evidance of having supplied Pattulo with a 44-gallon drum of bezine about Aug-ust 8. He helped him to load it on a truck.
William Pattulo, stated that on August 8 he was a farmer residing at Cameron's Pocket and purchased a 44-gallon drum of benzine from Jas. Croker & Sons. He took it to Cameron's Pocket and left it on a lorry parked on a side track oppos-ite his house. It was there on August 10. He went to bed that evening about 7.30 or 8 o'clock, and early next morning he was awakened by the
noise ot a motor lorry which seemed to be in low gear. He got up, lit the lantern, had a look at his watch and saw that it was 2.45 a.m. He then got a double-barrelled shot gun, without cartridges, put out the light, and, with the gun and lantern, ran down the track. The noise of a lorry had ceased by that time. He examined his lorry and found that everything was in order. He then went into the lantana on the side of tho road, waited and watched. Later two men whom he recognised at M'Donald and Bluck, placed skids on the back of his lorry, rolled the
drum-off, and up to the road to an-other lorry. He recognised M'Don-ald when he lit a cigarette and Bluck when he asked M'Donald "to raise those sticks, Robbie !" The en-gine of this lorry was started, lights turned on, and M'Donald and Bluck drove past his lorry, and turned round. He lit the hurricane lamp, placed it on the load, broke off a lump from an old log and placed this is the wheel-track When the lorry came near him he called out,
''Stop, Police!' but they hid not stop and he jumped on the lorry. M'Donald said to Bluck, "Stop Andy!" and, M'Donald took the driv-ling-wheel. Bluck attacked witness and he jumped off after warding off the blows with his gun. That day he made a written complaint to Con-stable Gallagher. Cross-examined by Mr Hartley, witness said that in November, 1929, he had been convicted for taking an-other man's barbed-wire. He said that this man had previously taken his bag of sugar so he thought he would even it up by taking his barb-ed-wire.  This closed the case for the Crown and Mr Hartley intimated that he intended calling the accused to give evidence. Charles Bluck, stated that he was a farmer at Calen and had been a
resident of the district for 21years. He had worked for Pattulo in April last but did not get any money from him He said that with M'Donald he went to Shannon's on the night of August 9 and then went to Cameron's where he slept. They were bailed up by Pattulo that night. He was in the middle of the road with a gun and there was a big log in the wheel track. Pattulo called out, 'Stop, Police!' The brakes on the lorry were not too good and they ran on a little distance before they pulled up. Pattulo got on the lorry and
hit witness on the head with the gun. After that they went to Cameron's. His Honor : Did you think Pattulo had gone mad ?— I thought he was a bit that way. Mr. Quinn : There are three con-clusions— either madness, highway hold-up, or a justifiable reason. Robert M'Donald stated that he was a laborer, residing at Cameron's Pocket, and that on Sunday night, August 9, he and Bluck were bailed up by Pattulo when going to Andy ] Cameron's. He said he never stole the benzine. Martha Jane M'Donald, stated that
she was the wife of Robert M'Don-ald, and that when Constable Gal-lagher called on the afternoon of August 10 her husband was lighting, the fire and was not asleep as claim-ed by Constable Gallagher. Cross-examined by Mr. Quinn, witness said that her husband did not tell her that Pattulo had bailed him up the night previously. This concluded the evidence. Coun-sel addressed the jury, his Honor summed up. and the jury retired at 12.40 p.m. returning at 1.10 p.m. with a recommendation for clemency. His Honor said that he agreed with the verdict and would favorably con-sider the recommendation. Address-ing Bluck, his Honor said that he would remand him until Monday and release him until then on entering into his own recognisance of £25 to appear. He told Bluck to find the benzine and have it returned by Monday morning. The Crown Prosecutor said that M'Donald had been convicted for stealing a generator at this sitting and another charge against him was pending for stealing a battery. He was remanded until Monday. Charge of Stealing
George Ernest Poer was present ed fn lc-tnal on a cli irs?o fo stealing a sum ot;£56/0/,9; thft property of Mary Taylor, on April 11, to which charge a plea of not guilty was ent-ered.  Mr F. W. Patterson, barrister, Brisbane (insliuctod oy Mr T Bar-ron). .ippcirod fni accused 'Iho following jun was empanelled — Joseph Matthew Zemek. Albert
Charles Edward Searle, Walter Neale, | Frederick Charles Field, William James M'Erlane, Timothy Lee, Fred-erick Wilhelm Bebendorf, Robert John Pitts, Stanislaus Fitzsimon, John Campbell, Albert Deane, and Harold Draman. At this stage his Honoi libeiatod jurors not empannelled until 9 o'clock this rooming the Ciown Piotccutoi, in outlining the caoe, stated that accused hid previously stood his -trial on the thaigo when tho iiuy dis igreed IU
Mid that tho cncumstanccs weio thai Mrs Mary Taylori, liceiibec of the Queensland Hotel, was also the pro iinetiesb of the Theatre Royal, On I Apiil 11 Mrs Jacklin. a daughtci ol Mrs Taylor, .\as in chaige of the UclvOt olllco of tlio theatie and look X5/15/- with her. .'.a* change. She iplaccd 'thiB and 'the nighfs talc- i ings ? .in a- wooden box; which, sho brought, to her bedroom at tho hotel ncaiby aboiil 1 pin Mr Ryan, a son-in-law, of tho propuetress went to tho ie.ii of Hit hoted lo got his bicycle aboul ') JO wheio lie saw twA ?men, one of whom he knew. That was Kelly, whom he heard saj to the other ?man, 'We will wait our chance' Ryan kept , the men iindei
observation, and. a little ylater 'heard accused .say to Kelly;-. 'Come on '' The Crown. 'Prosecutor, declared : .that accused w_ent into the loom, took the bo\ and was followed by Kelly When imlnng nil of the room Rjan caught 'accused, \vh'o- handed the box of money to Kelly Aqcused slipped awdj and Ryan grapi led witli Kelly. Tlio money was spill fid ovei the flooi and Mr. Jacklin another son-in-law, ot ' the , propriet-ress; -canie along and took. 'Kelly from lijan Kelly \v.u- let go aftei the money had been lecwoied Tho police wore notified. /? The following day accused was ,mes-ted '
Constable J. Curran, stationed fal Millaa Millaa and foi marly of Mac kay, gave evidence as to the com plaint, and with Constable J. Ham mond, .of having, ihade' investiga tions wjilcfi led to the .niest of accused. v This evidence' was1 corroborated by Constable Hammond, who aucsted accused, '
Mrs Mary Taylor ga\c evidence that Mr and Mrs Jacklin lived at the hotel with her, and she also claimed the £5G/0/9 as hei -piopcitj James Edward Ryan. carpenter, George street, son-in-law of Mrs Taylor, gave evidence of the obseiva tlons he had fallen on the night of Api ll 11, v and that ho saw accused entei tho bodi oom of Mrs Jacklin, take the bo\, and the,.money, when ho rushed m, accused ''handed the monoy to Kollj Ha giappled with
Kelly, who was, later taken by Jack lin Ho 'know Kellj and recognised accused as tho man lxe saw with Kelly at the hotel Mis. Agnss Jacklin gave evidence of having 'taken tlio monoy to hei loom She placed dlie money on a lablo and) then put hoi son to bed She wont into tho pallor, when she heaut a scuffle and. on coming out of the pailoi saw AH Ryan holding Kcllj Abi.iham JacUlm stated that Kollv nnd accused weio at tho hotel that nlg'ht He heard a scuffle in the hallway, weiil out, saw the monej ljing on the ilooi, -ind'R.-an holding Kelly Ho took Kellj fiom Ryqn ind when, all the money hadbeen nicked
up, let him go-. This closed, tho .case for tho Crown. FoV'.the defence; Gdorgo lirnest \
Power, the accused, gave evidence, btatinK that he went Jo the Queens land Hotel on tho night of April 11, and was sitting down with Kelly at the top. find of'1 the hallway away from the kitchen' and Mrs. Jackliu's bEdrooni He ucvci at any lime went rioai the bodioom and waa never con cerned in tho stealing, of tho money Ci oB8-e\ammod by Mr 'Quinn, witness slated thai lie had fid in his pocket and walked in to Iho hotel for a diink As he walkod in Rellv saw him and ho did nol care to diink on on his own in fiont of Kelly, who asked witnosb if he had any money. Witnoes. iopliod that 'lie Had Cd
Kelly said that 'would be all right, as ho was 'fiweet' foi a diJnk Then a ciowd came In at itho ipicture in terval sand witness said to Kelly, 'You 'will not Iip very sweet no-w, 'with cash custoureis coming in ' He loft Kelly there and went awa3r Wit ness said that he w^b a wharf Taboi oi, but that ''Jie was- a French ?polishei by ti.ule, The police did nhavc occasion it.oMcnow him iby ronson of a minor uonvit tion at C amoowenl and because of a maintenance matter Counsel addressed tho jury and the Court was adjourned until 8 pm In order -to enable the jurv to make an inspection of the Jiolol .it 7 30 P,ui Iho Couit lesumod at S pm, i\hen Jils Honoi summed up and lhe jurj, ?after a retirement of 20 minutes, re turneda verdictof guilty ..-
Aceused'was remanded for .sentence and the 'Court adjourned -until.'',. ;9 o'clock, this ^morning. ' AiwIioiiUoir. for Jlail. -Viien the Court; resumed .yester day morning . -Mr. ? F. W. Patterson applied., tor bail for Oaken iPagelson and Mr. A. .11, Hartley. -made a siml ilar .application on behalf ? of Murdough Henry Nicholson. Tho Crown Piosecutor opposed the
application . His Honoi said that it was an Im portant case and ho thought it ad visable not to allow .bail, which he lOfused The Crown Prosecutor intimated that the tiials of Pagclson. and Nicholson probably w'ould bo hold on Mondaj '