01 Dec 1951 - OF INTEREST TO WOMEN
Daily Mercury (Mackay, Qld. : 1906 - 1954), Saturday 1 December 1951, page 7
;iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii!iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitaiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii£ I OF INTEREST TO WOMEN
80 guests at L.V.A. social enjoy dancing and singing
IGHTY guests attended the L.V.A. social held at the Hotel Ambassador on Wednesday night after the conclusion of their annual meeting.
Gay taffetas and silks, witK some cool summer sheers, were noticed on manv of the women.
Party atmosphere was increased by the three-piece orchestra which accompanied the dancing and community singing.
A buffet supper -was served from tables decorated with multi-colored gerberas. Mrs. J. Jackson looked cool in floral silk finished at the waist with a large cyclamen taffeta bow. . . . Mrs. M. Wesche chose an olive green jacket suit In taffeta featuring a most unusual sleeve finished with self bows. ... A grey and white figured silk with a coolie collar buttoned to the waist was worn by Mrs. F. Poole. . . . Mrs. P. Noonan, of Proserpine, looked most attractive In a floral sheer with a shirred bodice, finished with a gold belt.
. . . Floral spring frock of red and blue on a white background was noticed In the bolero frock favored by Mrs. J. Breen. Grey accessories offset her gown. . . . Mrs. A. Bird added a cream allover lace bolero to her ensemble of dull gold shot taffeta of ballerina length. . . . Mrs. O. Cook chose a sophisticated creation of self figured grey satin with a fitting skirt and novel button effects finished by a matching bolero. x. n. M.
0YCLAMEN tonings were predominant in the silk frock with a black and white check background worn by Miss Shirley Bowen when she was guest of honor at a pre-wed-ding fork dinner at the residence of Margaret Brown, In Jubilee-street, on Tuesday night. Shirley was presented with a corsage Is cyclamen and white. Black accessories completed her ensemble. Rooms decorated with multi-colored flowers made a delightful setting for the dinner, which 40 guests attended. Hostesses were Misses Jean Sutherland, June Isbister, and Margaret Brown. Jean chose a salmon pink embossed organdie offset at the square neckline with black velvet threaded through Insertion lace. Powder blue figured silk in black tonings worn by June was trimmed at the neckline with gathered shoulder straps finished with matching bow. Margaret wore a floral silk in lavender shades styled with a scalloped collar. Shirley was
preseiiiea witn a cream ana gold Royal Doulton coffee service on behalf of the guests. She will marry Mr. A. Atkinson next Saturday. XXX
RATIONAL Scottish costumes of colored kilts were worn by the participants In the Highland dancing at a concert given in honor of St. Andrew's Day by the Mackay Caledonian Society in the Britannia Hall on Wednesday night. Seventy attended the evening and enjoyed the Scottish sones, and items by the Pipe Band. QFF by plane this afternoon for Brisbane are Mr. and Mrs. H. Robertson. Mrs. Robertson was formerly Miss Betty West. The couple plan to travel on the Manunda on Wednesday for Melbourne and on their return journey will visit Sydney. After spending six weeks' holiday they intend to make their home in Brisbane. + MISS Joy Flnnlgan of Nebo-road leaves by plane this morning for Townsville where she will board the Manunda and travel to Brisbane on annual leave.+ + + QFF to spend holidays in Brisbane was Miss Olive Cowley, of Wellington-street, who left last Monday. She will be the guest of former residents of Mackay, Mr. and Mrs. A. G. Felton, New Farm, for two weeks. . . . Holidaying until the end of December with her mother, Mrs. M. Lambert, of Wellington -street, is Mrs. Jim White, of Townsville, and her two daughters, Robyn and Jennifer.  ? ? ? ©PENDING three weeks' holiday In Mackay are Dr. and Mrs. Ian Forbes, of Maryborough, who arrived last week. They are the guest of Mrs. Forbes' parents, Mr. and Mrs. P. Tilse, of Gregory-street. . . . Guests for Mr. and Mrs. C. N. Macqueen, of Victoria-street, are their son and daughter-in-law, Mr. and Mrs. A. J. Macqueen, of Hobart, Tasmania, who are spending one month's holiday, while here they plan to visit Brampton Island. ? Handkerchief afternoon The Mackay branch of the Women's Christian Temperance Union held Its annual handkerchief afternoon for the hospital on November 28. After devotional exercises Lieutenant Bath of the Salvation Army addressed the gathering. Speaking upon the duty of helpfulness to others, she gave Instances of the responsiveness to kindness she had met in her social work among women. Appreciation of ' the address was expressed by Mrs. Lamb and Mrs. E. Linden. A competition followed. Prize winners were Mrs. E. Linden and Miss Cork. There was a generous contribution . of handkerchiefs and cash donations. All accounts were passed for nayment and donations made to headquarters. The branch has gone Into recess until February next.
©IXTY guests attended a pre-wedding gift evening in the C.U.S.A. Hall last Saturday night In honor of the approaching marriage of Miss Mavis OSen to Mr. Keith McCulloch, which takes place next Saturday. Mavis was frocked in a blue and white floral sheer offset with large revered collar. Hostesses were Mavis's bridesmaids-to-be, Misses Joyce McCulloch and Dawn Garlick. Joyce chose a pink floral organdie finished with a V neckline. Dawn wore a blue listav offset with multi-colored embroidery on the skirt. The evening passed quickly with dancing and competitions. Musician was Mr. Roy Cooper. ? ? MRS. A. Dempsey returned to Brisbane on Wednesday after spending a week with her daughter, Mrs. B. Salsbury, Wardrop-street. to attend, the GUI— Egan wedding. ? ? pALE blue crepe ensemble was worn by Miss M. E. Ward at a cocktail party at the Hotel Ambassador on Tuesday evening, held in honor of the announcement of her engagement to Dr, D. Jacklin. Her frock featured a large double collar on a high neckline finished with a matching bow. Black accessories and pearl earrings offset her outfit. She wore on her left hand a beautiful solitaire diamond ring.