10 Jul 1946 - THEATRE MEN DISCUSS FILM PRICES
Daily Mercury (Mackay, Qld. : 1906 - 1954), Wednesday 10 July 1946, page 5
THEATRE MEN DISCUSS FUJI PRICES
Despite an attendance diminished by current problems of travel, members of the Motion Picture Exhibitors' Association at present conferring In Mackay, brought plenty of argument to yesterday's ses-
sion on film hire rates and their control, and the conference had the advantage of addresses by representatives of both the New South Wales . and Victorian organisations on the method used in those States to avoid the bigger por-' . tion of theatre receipts going to other countries. Present were Messrs. T. O. Hal-bert (president), A, R. Payne (president, MPEA of New South Wales), T. O'Brien (Independent Theatre Association of Victoria), J. Thomley (Melbourne), A.- E. Hughes (Victorian Cinema Association), and P. Hoe .(Queensland executive member), M. Palmer (country representative on executive), J. Morris (Cairns zone representative), H. T. Maclean-(zone representative, Rockhamp-ton), J. A. Feldt (Townsviile) , W. Smith (Cairns), A. Taylor (zone representative, Mackay), R. Drury (Coolangatta), Wallace Johnson (Ingham), Jim Taylor (Mackay), A. J. Fleetwood (Finch Hatton), S. Greene (Wynnum), E. H. Hatfield (Sarina), W. J, Ironside (Proserpine), t. Harris (Yep-poon), D. Stlbbard (Barcaldlne). L. Walh (Barcaldlne), M. Gorton (CoiUnsvilie), W. R. Taylor (Mackay), N. H. Smith (Walkerston) , A. Jacklin (Mackay), and the secretary (Mr. H. D. Caldwell). After .various amendments and counter-amendments, designed at framing a resolution which would be acceptable to all sections of the -association, the following motion, moVed by Mr. Morris .(Cairns) and seconded by Mr. Hoe (Brisbane), was carried: That this conference of. the MPEA , determines the maximum terms pay-, able in future for 'any feature on a percentage basis shall not exceed .40 per cent of the gross receipts without the consent of the executive; and that adequate protection be afforded to all members of this association who 'are buying on the flat rate policy or percentages by1 such action as the executive may decide; and that all existing contracts be exempt. Introducing the subject. Mr. Halbert explained that the question of film rates payable to the distributors was one of the biggest problems before the confer--ence, since a reversion- to peace time conditions had cut the receipts of exhibitors to 1938 levels and at the same time producers were claiming higher costs for pictures. The position had : recently reached a. climax in Holland, where the exhibitors, formerly satisfied' to pay the big film companies 30 per cent of their takings, united against demands for 50 per cent and more from the companies, while (soaring costs in all directions in the United States were shown in the daily Press. Mr. , Feldt (Townsviile) made the point that by the time taxation took all but £1470 out of £5000 which an exhibitor might make in the year, 'there was little left, for the exhibitor after the film, companies had taken their . cut. -QUEENSLAND DIFFICULTIES . Mr. Gorton (Collinsvllle) stressing the difficulties which some Queensland exhibitors were under in dealing with the film exchanges, for special pictures, cited the recent experience of a theatre proprietor at a northern town. This man, who had always bought, his pictures at flat rentals, declined to accept the terms for a special picture. The local Trades and Labor Council took the matter up and published the' exhibitor's alleged failure to give the people service to such an extent that the exhibitor had to buy the picture irrespective of cost. Mr, Johnson (Ingham) said one of the problems in Queqpsland was that the number of "special" pictures released on higher percentage rates had Increased rap. idly. One company had one quarter of its releases marked as "specials" and advertised as specials, yet not all -the -pictures concerned were particularly good. Mr. Halbert quoted -'a case in which a section of the Communist party had secured an account belonging to an exhibitor company for some trifle involving 7/6 and had taken some convincing that 7/6 was not the amount the company had paid for a film. Some members argued there was little difference in final price between flat rentals for picture programs, scaled rentals (top, second and third groups) or working on a percentage basis, provided the rates were not too high. Mr. Payne, discussing the practice and experience in New South Wales, where the association was strong, with an executive which regularly toured the country and .suburban areas, declared that in -that State flat rentals were the preferred system and there were indications that the film companies, in some cases, would eventually give up the percentage policy. He said he was astonished, both ad a result of his recent tour of Queensland, end discussion at the meeting, to learn of the high rates being paid By Queensland exhibitors, even for specials, both on flat rentals and percentages. He assured the meeting that NSW exhibitors had secured top ranking pictures, for which Queensland had evidently paid all sorts of fancy prices, at rates not above their top group for flat rentals. While there was evidence that in Queensland in many casek more than the 40 per cent approved by resolution was beinv paid by individual exhibitors, NSW exhibitors averaged 25 per cent over their shows and in some cases were as low as 10 and 16 per cent. VICTORIA'S EXPERIENCE Mr. O'Brien, after describing Victoria's experience from the point of view of the Independent Theatre Association, declared that on a percentage basis, the exhibitors had been able to maintain stable enough prices during the last five years. Although there were two associations in Victoria, the organisation was strong enough to protect members and the fantastic prices indicated by some Queensland exhibitors were not passing in Victoria, where the majority would not pay over 29 or 30 per cent for film hire, averaging their complete programs. Queensland members, in discussion, said the obvious aim' of the Queensland association was solidarity, to achieve results comparable with those in the southern States, and Anally, a Federal Coirn-cil, which could deal with many problems of interest to both exhibitors and their patrons, such as censorship, admission prices, and many other aspects which concerned the theatre. One matter which was stressed during the. day by the chairman (Mr. Halbert) -wns the fact that postwar audiences desired more nnd varied entertainment than Unit with which they were satis-lied during the war years and to this end, picture exhibitors must bo prepared to meet new and exacting demands oil the industry.