20 Sep 1952 - Birthdays and parties for brides
Daily Mercury (Mackay, Qld. : 1906 - 1954), Saturday 20 September 1952, page 12
[?]
COClAL highlight .of t h e weefc was the Annual Presbyterian Flower Show held on Wednesday, with its display of southern and local flowers.
In keeping with the vivid and pastel colours of the flowers were the gay spring frocks worn by the women. 3f if if. 'FIVE-THIRTY to 8.30 birthday tea was fol lowed by a party at the home of Mr. and Mrs. A. ?Bowen. Racecourse, on Sat urday 'night in honour of their daughter Beverley. Thirty guests enjoyed the games and competitions. Novel idea was the icing of the birthday cake by Mrs. C. 'Duffy to represent 'Mary IVtary, quite Contrary,' in her garden. . . . Winner of the Diggers' Bridge Party in the Diggers' Hall on Monday night was Miss Shirley Borne. Other prizes were won by Miss M. Sullivan and Mrs. Bode. . . . Leaving on a six' weeks' motor tour to Melbourne are Miss Jess Adair and Mr. Eric Taylor after their marriage, this afternoon. To be matron of honour is Mrs. J. Voll, from Daydream Island. The couple will make their home here. On Wednesday night a few friends of Jess's at ? tended a trousseau showing at the home of her/parents, Mr. and Mrs. C. Adair, of Lloyd-street. * * J$RIDESMAIDS-TO - BE Misses Heather Hill and Joyce Woodrow and matron of honour-to-be Mrs. R. Paten, and Mrs. E. Wood row, hostessed a pre-wedding shower evening for 40 guests in the Railway Hall ori Tuesday night in honour of the. approaching marriage of Miss Joan Woodrow to Mr. Bert Ironside on- Sat urday next. A corsage of
red poiyantna roses was presented to Joan. M.C. was Mr. J. Sturgeon for dancing, games and competitions, ac companied by Mrs. Bick more. Competition- winner was Mrs. P. yalentine and a vocal solo was rendered by Miss Joyce yaleritine. . . Birthday cake made by Mrs. C. Sinclair and ibed in the C.W.A. colours, blue and white, by Mrs. S. McNam ara, represented the 6th birthday of the Seaforth. branch of the C.W.A. at the annual meeting held on Saturday. Presiding at the meeting was Cr. H. Wood yard. Officers re-elected were: President, Mrs. R. B. Archbold; secretary, Mrs. E. F. Hutchinson ; treasurer, Mrs. S. McNamara; vice presidents, Mesdames A. Fox, G. Jarrett. G. Murray, and W. Schoefield.
round town
JTRIENDS of Miss Estelle Wilson held, a surprise party in honour of her birth day on Sunday night at the home of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. H. Wilson, of Walker ston. Games and competi tions were enjoyed and sum mery dresses were favoured. Guests included Dawn Nor man, May Dalton, Ailsa Gar ner, Frances Batchelor, Pau line Wilson, Gladys Dalton, Alan Leach. Denis Wilson, Ray Young, Noel Norman, and Billy Allen. ... Holi day at Magnetic Island has been chosen by Miss Lyn Mennie and Mr. S. McNeilly, of Murgon, after their mar riage today. Upon their re turn the couple will leave by car to reside in Murgon. . . . Joint guests of honour at a birthday dinner and party at 'Fifty-two,' the Harbour, on Saturday night.
were Miss Eileen Thompson and Mrs. P. Barty, of Scan lon-street. Guests included Roberta Sea Wright, Graham Parnicott, Mr. , Barty, Mr. and. Mrs. Roger Jones, Michael Thompson . and Owen Gillham. ?' ¥ MISS; Gloria McGill, who will be married ' today week, was wished all the best by fellow railway work ers at a gathering in the District Superintendent's Office. The Superintendent (Mr. R. F. Moore) presented Gloria with a coffee table on behalf of the staff. ?¥? TEASET and a giory box , were among many beau tiful gifts received by Miss Val Byrne from the 50 guests
who attended a comingof age party given, in her honour by her parents, Mr. and Mrs. L. W. Byrne, of English-street, on Saturday night. A pink orchid corsage was worn by Val. Directing the games and community singing was Mr. Rowland Dawson. Chairman was Mr. A. Dawson, of Sarina. Ac companists were Misses Joyce Valentine and Enid Hamilton and Mr. Byrne. The pink birthday cake was made by Mrs. A. Dawson and iced by Miss Dot Hansen. . . . Friends of Mr. North Jacklin, Gordon-street, at tended a farewell gathering in his honour given by Dr. and Mrs. D. Jacklin at their residence in Bridge-road on Friday night, prior to his departure on Monday night for Townsville. I
J-RIOR to their departure for Cairns en route to Babinda on Thursday morn ing Mr; and Mrs. J. Wearne, of Shakespeare-street, were, entertained at a farewell dinner by Mr. and Mrs. C. F. Jarratt, of Gregory street, at the Hotel Ambas sador. Mr. Wearne has been transferred as manager of the Commercial Banking Company of Sydney at Bab inda. Arrived on Tuesday to take up the position here was Mr. R. Knight, of Bris bane, accompanied by his wife and family who plan to live in Shakespeare-street. . . . Maryborough is the destination of Mrs. A. A. Stone, of Nebo-xoad, who left today. . . . Miss Daphne Eastgate returned to Bris bane on Sunday after spending a week with her r\Qvo«fc 7\/T r* at-irl TV/TVc? T
J.VJLA . C4A.114. J.VXJ.O* u ? Eastgate, of Shakespeare street. . . . Guest here for the wedding of Miss Johno Cowan and Mr. Kevin Faw cett, which takes place to day is Mr. Mick Lowcock, of Gladstone. After their mar riage the couple will leave on Monday morning for Brisbane on a fortnight's holiday before returning to live in Porter-street. ?¥? -V* ^DMIRED by 15 guests who attended a trous seau showing hostessed, by Miss Margaret Hamilton, were the many fancy em broidered dinner cloth? and crystalware in her box. The party was at the home of her mother, Mrs. M. Hamil ton, in Macdonald-street, on Wednesday night. Present was Margaret's matron of honour to be, Mrs. G. Demp sey. Margaret will wed Mr. Tom Randall today. The couple will leave for South Molle Island tonight on a f/»rfcrn ryh+'c Vi/VHHav Haf/vm
turning to live in Macdon ald-street, . . . After the church service on Sunday night members of St. Mary's branch of the Sacred Heart Sodality made a presenta tion to Miss Val Shuttlewood in honour of her approach ing marriage to Mr. V. Casey this morning. The present ation was made by Father Commerford. A pre-wedding presentation was also made to Val by the Children cf Mary. The couple will leave today fo:- Brisbane and will visit the Tamborine Moun tains before returning to live in Evan-street. Guest at the wedding is Mrs. A. Ford' of Melbourne, who is holiday ing with Val's mother in Juliet-street. . . . Father Commerford also made a presentation to. Miss Clare Curtin from the St. Mary's branch of the Sacred Heart Sodality on Sunday night in honour of her approaching marriage to Mr. Bernard Hogan. jf jf jf. TEAVING on v Monday- to-. ? spend two of lier three weeks' annual leave is Miss Dymphna Keenan, of River street, who. will visit Mrs. Gauld, of Hawthorne, Bris- . bane. .. ..Host and hostess to a pre-wedding dinner party were' Mr. and Mrs. Reg. Horn at their home in Donaldson-street. The gath ering was attended by friends of Miss Val James and Mr; Gordon Andersen, who will be married next Saturday. ... In honour of the approaching marri-age of Miss Joan Ayling of McIntyre-street, to Mr. H. Lothian next Saturday 30 friends attended a prewed-ding shower afternoon. The gathering was hostessed by Mrs. Neville Hymus at her home in Evan-street. Brides-maids-to-be are Joan's sis-ters, Betty, Margaret, and Heather.
^'EODING of Mackay in . terest being held in Rockhampton is that of a former resident here, Miss Laurel Thompson, to Mr. Kevin Parker, of Rockhamp ton, this afternoon. Up from Sydney to be Laurel's brides maid is her sister Beverly, who visited Mackay for a couple of days last week. Guests at the wedding are Misses Tina and Helen Zag las, of Moore-street, who left last night to spend the weekend with their sister, Mrs. J. Notaras, of Rock hampton. . . . After spend ing io days as the guest of Mr. and Mrs. A. R. Simpson, of Mt. Spencer, Miss Jean MacKay,..of Sydney, returned on Tuesday to spend the remainder of her holiday
witn Mr. and Mrs. R. Mih cher, of Margaret-street, and at their beach home at Sea view. . . . Returned from a holiday at Brampton Island on Wednesday were ' Mr. and Mrs. Les Tait, of Victoria -street. Continuing their ex tended holiday until the end of October they left yester day for the south, where they will spend one week as guests of the manager of Bank of New South Wales and his wife in Bundaberg, Mr. and Mrs. W. G. Belford, and visit their daughter and son-in-law, Mr. and Mrs. Ken Alchin, of Clayfield, Bris bane. They are also plan ning a visit to the Darling Downs and Dalby. * * + JN honour of her marriage, which takes place today, Miss Margaret Hamilton was presented with a corsage in pink and blue when she was the guest of honour at a pre-wedding kitchen tea for 40 guests hostessed by her aunts, Mesdames H. Ron ald and F. Winzar, at Mrs. Ronald's home in Forth street on Monday night. A
corsage of red roses was .pre sented to her mother, Mrs. M. Hamilton. Accompanist for the community singing was Miss Norma Gilmore. Winners of the competitions were Mr. R. Rolleston, Shir ley O'Loughlin and Mrs. Rose. . . Vigoro teams com menced the season on Sat urday with a march past to the Pipe Band. White uni forms and coloured hats were spectactuiar. Winners of the march, judged by Mrs. J. Binnington'afrd Miss Joan Woodrow, was the Pioneer team. . f Fellow staff members of the ex change held a pre-wedding evening for Miss Joyce Towns end in the Postal In stitute Rooms on Tuesday night in honour of her ap proaching marriage to Mr. Keith Malcomson today. M.C. for the 25 guests was Mr. Wally Cole and community singing was ac companied by Miss Doreen Garnham. Vocal numbers were rendered by Misses Betty Kerrigan and Dawn Brake. Joyce will have her two sisters Mavis and Kath as bridesmaids. The couple are leaving tonight for Pros erpine en route to Long Is land for- a holiday before returning . to\ make their home in Prospect-street.