19 Sep 1931 - The "Hannah Landells."
Daily Mercury (Mackay, Qld. : 1906 - 1954), Saturday 19 September 1931, page 13
The 'Hannah Landells'
 PASSENGERS INTERVIEWED.
Last Tuesday a reminder was given by a well know townsman that he had on the previous day celebrated the 48th anniversary of his arrival in Mackay. As a good deal of in-terest is being taken in the "old identity" sketches now appearing in the 'Mercury' the gentleman in ques-
tion was asked to relate some par-ticulars of his arrival. It was Mr David Pratt who was invited to tell the story, and as he had with him a fellow passenger (now his brother-in-law), Mr. Alex Dingwall, at pre-sent visiting Mackay, a little cross-examination brought out that the
ship "Hannah Landells" arrived off Flat Top on the morning of Septem-ber 13, 1883, and the following day the whole of the immigrants, num-bering about 350, were landed here. The following details were subse-quently supplied  by the above named: —  The ship 'Hannah Landells' left Glasgow on the morning of June 6 1883 and Grennock the same night about 8 o'clock. The tug left us about 4_a.m.-, having signalled to the coast of Ireland for a boat to take the pilot off. That was the last communication we had with  the outer world, until
we met  a ship becalmed while cross-ing the Line which was short of pro- visions. They got  a supply from our ship and took our. mail, as they were homeward, bound. That was the  last we  saw of anybody for six weeks, when Sandy Cape  came in sight, Everybody on board seem to be dead till then, but at the sight of land those on board danced with glee and there, was much fun that night.  Ex-citement ran high on the morning  of September  13, 1883, as  we  dropped anchor between Flat Top and Round Top.  As the ship was in  danger of being grounded the signal man sang out to get into the inside anchorage, where the ship would be safe.  This was done,  and we remained all day off   Flat; Top,  now used   as the anchorage for steamers calling at Mackay.   On the  morning of  Sep-tember 14 the Doctor came on board (Dr. M'Burney),gave all a clean bill of health, and the same evening, about 6 or 7 o'clock, we were taken to Mackay by the  "Taldora."  The voyage had lasted 98 days, There were 8 births and 8 deaths from the date of leaving Glasgow.  The following are included among those, who left Glasgow on the ship who are still living, as far as our in-formants are aware:— Mr and Mrs. D. Pratt. Mackay.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Jacklin, Eton; :. Mrs. Beagrie,   Plane Creek.  Mr. R. Hamilton, Mackay. Mr. J. Christie,  Mackay.  Mrs.  Alex.  M'Lean  (then Margaret Angus), Mackay. Mrs. G Milton, sen. (then Nellie. Dick),   Mackay. Mr. G. Wyper,   Mackay. Mrs. R. Tickle   (then Christina Wyper),  Mackay.  Mrs.  Bedford  (then Maggie Wyper) Mackay  Mr. J. Higgins,  Mackay, Mrs. J.  Watson, ( then Jane Roy ). Mackay. _Mrs. .Benson  (then Agnes Morgan), Mackay. Mrs J. Pirie  (then Annie Devine). Brisbane Mrs. J. M'Millan  (then : Janet Hamilton), Brisbane. Mrs. R.  Thompson, Brisbane .  Mr. R. .Davidson,  Brisbane . Mrs. Harvey (then Flora  Reid) Brisbane. Mr. H. Ferguson  Townsville. Mr. A. Dingwell.   Toowoomba
Mrs. R. Blair, Proserpine. Mrs.  A. Lyon (then  Janet Roy), Melbourne. Miss  Maggie Roy,  Sydney.  Mr. and Mrs.  Stevenson,   Sydney. Mrs. Cook, Hatton.