08 Sep 1921 - TAMBO SHIRE COUNCIL.
Snowy River Mail (Orbost, Vic. : 1911 - 1970), Thursday 8 September 1921, page 1
?
cfPTKMBER THI'RSIWV ski
ruaiP (presipresent.— J - '4rc!iiteld. .1. S. .ient), -'"id l ^ J , ^...nkerd. Wood, dim. A. FM>-Mew Councillors. „•)!,•, was recently Cr. J. * rid-'>» -as again in?, «d C, ', r Z.e8enlnliv.- of .-curucl as •< ' eordially wol-Bura l r^. «nmcil table by the ' wm 'l„t M councillors. Comph-President " alg0 made iiif-man ^ «p„-ices rendered by » member amongst Ins col " H,1 " eu A" flullan and Fraud smt-.,l>]v responded. Election of President. _ allowance wan % !m Ihc r.,>.ion of Crs.
elected presi-, t 01! tltf Cr S " Temil Cr. Coat, ,'oonciito!'? and officers •,> "ipmx'r in which thev bad a«-{o i ' 'I'i,(0 Pfvrv out the duties of f'"'aic'p Mid also the press. To fc(llp ]„? ;litrilnired the even te-I ' )CI ' • vi-ir." tl'p proceedings had The press h,d rr.«' discretion in dealing ^ n t H :::a>t.,s in -ha. it had i'-id perhaps had not said riini'-'' n regard to expediting M^'.' H.-' tliankrd 1lie «fflver' cordially for 'heir eo-opern-'•"I*  Snv i--r,tvovcr?ies that had jince. w f?r b" was con " oV-'ned iimi 'pen instituted with a vievr of lidr^ business alo n " ,!,e cvervtb'T be had done had executed to the best of his abili-IV (Apiila'Jfi-)-'rr  M-cliibald •.banked councillors ,v lor verv li»ai'i' conferring the honnr" on liini "i »<e appointment as -,rr-Fider.t. Had Cr. Reid been re-.'-loctrf to ropi Pi- r -nt the Brut lien rid-,nc ll(. undoubtedly would have been i-'lfvati"! w 'l'" president's chair. The
position Ar-nianiird a considers We frammt d the councilor's time, and rr Coate had performed his duties •••>rv "abb". aud he had pleasure in -•e-'-inr a Varv vol" of thanks to :,., rcnriii? president. X"? motion wss seconded by Cr. p™rf;erd. who caneratulated Cr. ArrtibsW on h's amiointir.ent. He fnre-? s-.it'.'csFf'il period, as he did !l-ini; wneillors were going to h» "a let of had boys." As president. <Y Coale had excelled, liaying gone :n 110 end of i rouble to bring the Tambo po-jmil to the fore, and he .on?rait!l.Heii him on his successful icrra nf office. Cr. Terrill faitl he lilted to hear a -.-an ppoal: his opinions and Cr. Peate had at all times done that oia-.phati tally. He congratulated Cr. fr. Archibald wlinse ability and in-;(verity lie recognised and had no doubt he would be able to carry oat >iiF duties. Cr. Kovrlett considered ' Cr. Coate had been the best president the council had bad. He dirt not lhinkjie had been too strict, and he thought Cr. Arciiiteld would continue to keep Hie council up to the business as his predecessor bad done. Cr. Sudins endorsed the remarks of previous "wallers, and the sccre-
lary. Mr. R. W. Stirling, spoke on behalf of the shire officers, statins that irhc-n Cr. Coate had any complaints to make he went direct to the officers. which ->vas an honorable thins to do, and it had been a pleasure to them to assist him. In responding Cr. Coate said he tras quite sincere in regard to his remarks concerning the officers. He appreciated their work, and -without their help and that of the councillors he would not have been able expedite the business. He felt that Cr. Archibald would have a similarly successful term. Correspondence. Prom Country Roads Board, re proposed permanent -works on the Prince's Highway between Swan Reach and the Nicholson, asking engineer to prepare report r.nd esti-
mate of cost —Engineer to attend; From same, re surveyed road through Hume's, asking that engineer furnish die board with a copy o£ the survey plan, and field notes.—Engineer to attend. Prom same, that the board does not intend to take any further action in connection with the construction of a road between the Prince's Highway and the wharf at Now a Nowa.—Engineer to report. From .same, that the Board had approved of a subway at Henham's on the Buchan to Gfelantipy road.—Received. From same, noting with pleasure that ihe £20,000 increase in valuation was due chiefly to the operations of the Board, and wishing the shire increased prosperity,—Received. From same, that the Metung road from Swan Reach bridge had been gazetted a developmental road.—Received. From same, not approving of Shaiiahan's tender for contract 22D, Gelantipv road, and desiring that same
be held over for the present—Received. Fro m same, re- proposed new bridge .at Boggy Creek, suggesting amendments to plans.—Attended to. From- eanie. re Murrindal to Lillipili Caves, suggesting further amendments to plans for this road.—Attended to. From same, re Upper Tambo road, asking for further information re catchment area opposite chainage 3 7,501)—Attended to. From name, forwarding cheques for council's claims as follows:— t £3305, £3M1/S/J0 and £47/0/0.— Received. From Health department, approving of the appointment of Dr. Drummond as health officer.—Received. From same, re sample of cream below standard, that sampling of cream should not be done by inspectors when cream is consigned to a butter factory for purchase on fat results, as this was exempted undc-r the Milk and Dairy Supervision Act.—Received. From Closer Settlement Board, that C. W. Ward had been allotted allot. •MB, Tambo, under the Discharged Soldiers' Settlement Act.—Received.
From Lands department, olterinr; no objection to the planting of trees and s.hrubs on the Bruthen recreation reserve—Received. . From same, through Mr A. E. Lind, M.L.A.. that the department, at the instance of the council, were reserving a file of ten acres, in parish of Tambo, survey of which had been made. The department had not received any application in respect of tile site from any private company.— Received. From J. Cameron, Orbost. re quarry site at Colquhoun. suggesting thai the shire reserve an area of three acres, and make its own terms with any company who wish to exploit it for monumental purposes.—Cr. Terril! ;is!ced if the three acres referred to was pa»t of the site applied for by the council—Cr. Coate said that only one acre could be obtained for a quarry site.—The Secretary said he understood the three acres referred • in the site near the railway staiion. If the Bairnsdale and Orbost shires: made application conjointly with the Tambo Council they could obtain three acres.—Cr. Coate moved that Mr. Cameron be informed that, the council .had made application for the site eighteen months ago and it was thought the council had not been treated fairly and that another ap-
plication for a site had been given preference. The Country Roads Board proposed to put a railway siding there, but, it -was found that the cost would be. too great and the proposal was abandoned, and subseposai was ™uuu»», quently the council had been informed that tbev could be supplied with the spall at 8/ per ton from a rrivate company.—The motion was seconded by Cr. Wood.—The motion was carried, the President remarking it was a remarkable thing that the council's application had been treated in such a manner.—It was also agreed that Mr. A. E. Lind, M.L.A.. be asked, to "push the matter on.' — Cr. Wood stated, that Mr. Cameron had pointed out the benefits the council should receive from-a quarry and the matter sliould be Imcstiga-
ted to ascertain why the council bad been ignored. From the Forest Commission, through Mr. A. E. IJnd, M L.A., that the council's application for a quarry site, had been referred to Lands department—Received. From the Water Supply Commission, re Lakes Entrance scheme, asking for a list of tenements and shire valuations.—Information to be supplied as soon as possible. From same, that the Bruthen scheme was being attended to. From A. K. Sambell, re proposed Bruthen Water Supply, that the Water Supply Commission desired an assurance that the council would, if the water supply scheme was approved of, instal a town electric lighting scheme and supply power to the water trust not exceeding £200 per annum.—Referred to Bruthen members to report on. From Gippsland Shires Development Association, re grouping of shires tor appointment of health inspectors. and suggesting that, in or-
der that a recommendation might be made ,thr council to apply for twelve months' exemption of the Health Act provisions.—Attended to. From Municipal Association asking council apjioint delegate for the annual session on October 19 and 20.— Cr. Terr',11 moved that, the president represeni the council.—Cr. Prahkerd seconded the motion pro forma.—Cr. Coate pointed out that it was advisable to send more than one representative as the voting strength of the country councillors was not sufficient with only one delegate. It was also advisable to send the same representatives each time so that they could keep in touch with the affairs of the association.—Cr. Archibald said he had not been in sympathy with the movement because the metropolitan influence was too strong for them to derive any beneGt from the association.—Cr. Coate replied that the council had been saved a good deal of legal expense by joining the association. IE the country shires sent sufficient delegates metropolitan interests could not get the preference. The motion -was carried.—Cr. Coate was appointed a substitute in the event of the president being unable to attend.—It was pointed out that
the council had previously agreed to send only one representative, and Cr. Suding gave notice of his intention to move at next meeting that that motion be rescinded.—!n the event of Cr. Suding's motion being carried, it was agreed that two delegates be appointed. From same, re supply of Morwell electricity for light and power along the Gippsland lines, setting forth what had been don? to ensure that Gippsland would not be overlooked.— Cr. Coate said the reply was very satisfactory as it was necessary to watch the interests of Gippsland to ensure them getting an electric supply. From East Loddon shire, asking council's co-operation in getting the Board to supply and station at suitable places in connection -with the Road Board works.—Granted. From Omeo shire, aEking council to co-operate in a request to get increased trucking facilities at Bruthen station.—Granted. From District Branch of the R.S. League, expressing appreciation of the council's efforts re returned soldier settlement.—Received. From ex-Cr. J. Reid. resigning from the Gippsland Publicity Campaign
and New Settlers' League ,as he had been judged not capable of representing the ratepayers of the Bruthen riding— Cr. Coate said tliat although Mr." Reid was not now a member of tlie council it did not debar him from being on the committee referred to ahd he moved that Mr. Reid be asked to reconsider the matter. The motion was carried From R. Donelly, forester, enclosing application of C. Burgess to strip wattle bark on roads from Swa"n Reach to Kalimna, and asking if the council had any objection, and a similar application was received from Mr Brennau. It was decided to offer no objection to the request of the latter applicant who was a returned soldier. , . From Mr. Pilgrim, applying to remove a dangerous tree near his pro-
perty.—No objection offered. From J. Sandford, jtrn., Lakes Entrance, asking permission to remove, any leaning trees over his fence, or likely to interfere with his maize crops.—No objection offered. From E. J. Anderson, Bumberrah, for permission to strip wattle on the roads from Upper Tambo punt to the Nicholson River—No objection offered. From New Settlers' League, setting forth its objects, and noting with pleasure that the Tambo shire had formed a branch.—Received. From National Trustees, on behalf of a client, re l T pper Tambo road, asking that council continue the developmental road to the punt, thus completing an important link and greatly improving matters for adjacent landholders.—Attended to. From J. Van de Ken, Kalimna W., forwarding balance of contract deposit.—Received. 4 From F. J. Shelton. asking to have his and his wife's name put on the electoral roll.—Attended to.
From shire solicitor, that Edwin Ault's nomination for the coundj was invalid, as it should have been lodged at shire office, Bruthen, as advertised—It was stated that the election would now take place on the 17th inst instead of the Kith as prevlously announcedi From E. L. R. Roberts, Lake Tyers, drawing attention to dangerous.state of the road from jetty to Nowa Nowa road. From J. H. Dalley and ten other ratepayers, that they intended to appeal against the new shire valuation. —Cr. 1'rankr-rd said that a number of ratepayers had not yet received their valuation notices. They were therefore unable to ascertain the new valuations of the whole of the riding.— The secretary said the valuer should have sent all the valuation notices out. He would inquire as to what notices had been omitted.—Cr. Coate objected to the secretary doing the work, which was the valuer's duty. He moved that the valuer be asked to return 10 complete bis work.—Cr. Wood said a number of ratepayers had complained of not receiving their valuation notices.—The motion was seconded by Cr. Suding and carried. Cr. Wood asked what day had been
fixed for holding the appeal court.— The secretary said the time for appealing was within one month after the rate was fixed. The general rate, as a rule, was struck in the month of November. From Bridribb and Wilson, Upper Tambo road, asking to be allowed to use timber oil the road for building a culvert—It was decided that the council pay the royalty on the timber. the writers offering to work free of cost "if the timber were provided. From 'Rankin and Jones, South Buchan, applying to have their sawmill Granted. A letter was read from ratepayers of the Bumberrah riding drawing attention to the neglected state of the Tambo Tpper and Sarsfield road, especially" the section at the foot of the cutting down the hill along Meddings' fence, parts of which were dangerous in the daytime and not fit for vehicular traffic after dark. As this was the third or fourth time petitioners had drawn attention to their bog and rut isolation it was trusted on this occasion the council would extend their case some serious consideration with satisfactory results to petitioners.—On the motion of Crs. Terrill and Froud, the engineer was authorised to have repairs effected.
Petition. A petition was read from eighteen ratepayers of the Bruthen riding, pointing out that the portion of the old road "off Brooks' road," to be fenced off by Mr. T. Sergeant, would deprive the people in the locality from watering their stock during the summer months as that portion o» the road contained the only hole oi permanent water in the neighborhood The petitioners asked that the council should not allow this portion of the old road to be fenced.— Held over for one month. Health Officer's Report. The health officer (Dr. A. P. Drummond) reported having visited the Metung State School. It was well built, lighted and ventilated, but was grosslv overcrowded. It was appar-
«nilv meant to hold 36 children and is not large -enough lor more than that number. There arc at present 52 children on (lie roll, tlie average attendance being 46. Immediate provision should be made to .icconiniodate the surplus children in another building until the necessary additions can tie carried out .--It was decided to write to Education department regarding tliis matter and iorward a ropy or the report on the "lotion of C>s. Pudinc and Froud. Treasurer's Report. Tin- treasurer. Mr. R. H. Hubluson. reported:—General Account: Receipts. arsenic £315/. rciu Brufhen recreation reserve £6,5/, rates, genera! £97/11/7, arrears do. £2/4/ *0. separate rates £1/2, f', .invars do. £1/3/9. dog registration Ices £7/10, nound fees. Ctminghame 1 -'6, l»»n ires Bnitbcn £32/13/3 3. do. Cuningl-.ame £11/34/10, contractors' deposits £29/16/6, interest £S/S/10. certificate fee 2/. total £197/10,'fi. Paid into banlr £ 197/30/6. Bank Account.— Dr.. Cr. balance last report £1380/9/: payments into ban!; £197/10/6, total .€ 1577/19/6. lions east be carried out. f> che.-ues drawn last meeting .£«"'«,> 10/1. interest and exchange on
< )!it:h-s £3/3'6, cr. balance net, £<>73/5/31; total £1577/39/6. Financial Position of Ridings.—Cr„ Prattle'.! £S4/1T/S> Bumberrah £447/ 3'6, dr.. Burlian £4SS/0/2, Cuningbaree £1052,17/5. Inspector's Report. The inspector (Mr. W. H. Puree!!) reported:—Since last council meeting 1 nave visited Lakes Entrance. Swan Koaolt. .Tohnsonvllle, Satsfleld. Upper Tnmbo ami Bruthen. The blackberry riming is going ahead satisfactorily. Tiie drains at Bret ben reported at lust meeting bad been cleaned tip. He had taken proceedings against two steckowtter? at Lakes Entrance for allowing their stock to wander. The following fees had been collected:—Pan fees. Lakes Entrance, £13/ 13.If; dairy tax. £3/2/6; dog tax. £2; total. £38/16/4. Engineer's Report The engineer (Mr. G. S. Horsfall) reported:— Maringa Creek Deviation.—This encroaches on private property owned Mr. A. J. Coventry and Mr. T. E. Burns, and I have received tbe following offers from them:—Mr, Coventry is willing: to allow the council to follow the new road line, provided all Ttec p ssary fencing is done by them and also that She debris left by wattle strippers on road between his two Mocks be cleaned up for She lull Innctb and to Ms satisfaction. Mr. Ultras agrees to five the necessary land in exchange for a portion of the old road wi-irt joins his property on tbe south side of Maringa Creek. He r-lso agrees to supply posts and erect lew-Ins nn deviation, provided the council agree to supply the necessary r-ire and wire netting, viz., 176 yards >:o. S galv. wire, 350 yards No. 12 barbed wire and 175 yards of 42 s 1* x- 17 wire netting. He is also willing T-i erect fencing through Mr. Coven-
try's at a low cost—It was decided that the engineer interview the men referred to with a view of having the proposal modified. .. Ferguson's Road and Nungnrner Hoad.—I was desirous of inspecting these roads, hut Mr. Ferguson not beins available I decided to postpone wy irsjwctfa® till a later date, Merrangbaur House—This appears to roe to be a matter to be attended to by tbe occupiers. A good entrance ram "be made by tbe addition to filling on the down hill side, but St will be necessary in the interests of the main road for some kind or crossing be provided over table drains, otherwise the drainage, which at this point is considerable, will, in time, be diverted across the road. Jones's Road at South Buchan.— Mr. Jones has accepted the council's offer to put the road 1n good order for £30. Brut hen to Nowa Nowa Developmental Soad—Since last meeting J have completed the laying out of this road to the Colquboun turn-oil, a distance of 32.235 lineal feet . Good grades were obtained throughout and The rough plans arc available for Inspection. Boggy Creek Bridge, Prince's Highway.—Plans and specifications for
this bridge have now l>een approved by the hoard, who ask, however, that tenders be held over for the, time toeing. : .. ; Murrindal Mount Contract—Tbe portion of this road from its commencement to tbe bridge is ot a red limestone formation, and requires gravelling. Good gravel is to be obtained near the job and 1 have submitted to the board ail offer by Contractor Cortiwall to gravel this for 8/ a yard. Tbe price includes boxing, reformation, etc. Henham'R Subway.—Henham's application for a subway has been granted, and an offer for building same has been obtained from Contractor Cornwall and submitted to the board. Poundkeepers' Report. The Brathen poundkeeper, Mr. .1. W. Brook, reported that five head of stock had been impounded and impounding fees amounting tP 1«/S had been received. General Business. Cr. Prankerd (Buchan) asked that lhe engineer give authority to the dayman to keep the Vowa Nowa road clear of fallen trees. On the motion of Cr. TerriU the engineer was instructed to have repairs effected at Kilmartin's crossing.
It was agreed to request the Railway department to have suckers cut at the level crossings on the Tarnbe Vpper to Bairnsdale road, on the motion of Crs, Suding and TerriU. On the motion of Crs. Ceate and Fish, it was decided to ask the C.R.B. to send 100 casks of tar for the Esplanade, at Lakes Entrance. Tbe question of v.hen the work at Cuninghnme's Hill, Swan Reach, would be proceeded with wis asked by Cr, Sudinjr and after the matter was discussed as to the requirements it was agreed lo proceed as soon as possible. Cr. Coate drew attention lo the new system of color trails being used Instead of finger posts and moved a motion that the engineer have the colored pistes placed along the Omeo road of the Prince's Highway, On the motion of Crs. Froud and Suding it was agreed to have road improvements effected on the Metung road near Tambo Bluff. On the motion of Crs. Archibald and Terrill. the engineer was instructed to inspect the Bruthen to Waterboles road to ascertain what could he done to make it trafli cable. Cr. Howlett referred to the necessity for improvements being made to tiie Metuw road, which had been agreed to as a developmental road, but the C.E.B. had not yet proceeded with the work, and some temporary repairs would hare to be made if the construction of the road was not commenced soon. It was decided to include a request to have this : work carried out. when the deputation waits on the C.R.33. during show week. Council Meetings. Cr. Coate gave notice of his intention to move at next meting that the council meetings be held monthly Instead of every sir weeks.