02 Feb 1918 - PERSONAL.
Daily Mercury (Mackay, Qld. : 1906 - 1954), Saturday 2 February 1918, page 2
PERSONAL.
Mr. J C. Penny, manager of Pley- stowe Mill, resigned from that posi-tion a short time ago and expects to
leave Mackay in April.
Mr. T. D. Chataway was a pas senger by the Cooma for the north yesterday. Ho was proceeding to Townsville to organise the Northern, electorates m the National interest. The Government "Gazette" of January 19 states that May Francis Radcliffe, assistant teacher at Mar ian, has been transferred to Kin-garoy.  Mr D. Quillman, accompanied by his wife, arrived in Mackay by the C'oomn yesterday from Brisbane. Mr Quillman. is on annual holidays, bin he will also write up the disas ter for "The Daily Mail," which he has been associated with for the past three years.
Mrs. M. Crompton, mother of private M L . Crompton, who was killed in action on the 24th Decem ber last, is in receipt of a com--munication from headquarters, con-'firming the sad news of her son's death, and speaking highly of the deceased lad who made the supreme sacrifice. A resident of Mackay for the past thirty years was laid to her final rest in Walkerston Cemetery, yester day in the presence of a numerous circle of sorrowing friends who fol-lowed the remains from her late home or came out from town to pay their respects to the memory of the deceased, Mrs. Holmes, senr., died at the residence of her daughter, Mrs. Harvison, Woodford, on Thursday after an illness of several
years. She came to Mackay with her husband and family, thirty years ago and for 24 years lived on the river, where Mr. Holmes worked his farm. She leaves a husband, two sons and two daughters to mourn her death, the children being Mesdames Jacklin (North Eton), and W. Har-vison (Woodford), and two sons, Mr. T. Holmes, Mackay, and Mr.-1 J. Holmes, Newbury. She was in
her 80th. year and her husband is also well advanced in age, being in his 74th year. There was a large attendance at the graveside ; the burial service was conducted by Rev. H. J. Buttrum. On Wednesday morning last there passed over to the great majority one of Mackay's pioneers Mr James Comerford, of Wilson's paddock, near Finch Hatton. The deceased gentleman had been in ill health for some years, and went to
Mackay about Christmas time, tak-ing up his residence with Mrs. Far-relly; a sister of Mrs. Comerford. The late James Comerford was a native of Kilkenny, Ireland, and came to Queensland over 40 years ago, landing at Rockhampton. His stay in Rockhampton was short. Coming on to Mackay he engaged in business as an aerated water manu-facturer, subsequently moving to the Eungella diggings when it broke out, having an interest in several ventures at that place. When the ld collapsed. Mr. Comerford engag-ed in timber-getting, and resided near Finch -Hatton, and when the Cattle Creek mill was about to be tnnlr he took up a farm in Wil-
son's Paddock, where he has resided ever since. He helped to found the C.C. mill., being a provisional direc-tor. He was elected on the first board and held the position up to 1912, when he retired owing to ill-health . Since that time his health has been a continual source of anx-iety to his friends. He was 63 years of age and leaves a widow, three sons and three daughters. The sons— Michael, Th0mas, and Daniel --are all on the farm; also his youngest daughter— Sarah , May is in Brisbane and the other daugh-ter — Mrs. George Brooks-— at Finch Hatton. The sympathy of every resident in this locality will be ex-tended to the relatives. The deceas-. ed was of a kindly disposition, gener-ous, industrious and devoted to his family