28 Dec 1949 - OF INTEREST TO WOMEN
Daily Mercury (Mackay, Qld. : 1906 - 1954), Wednesday 28 December 1949, page 5
OF INTEREST TO WOMEN
Ghr i st m a s Parties W ere Many, Gay
jOYOUS spirit of Christmas, which has manifested itself in a marked degree this year right through out Australia, resulted in more public and private celebrations in Mackay than at any time since the beginning of World War IS, Accent was on rejoicing in traditional fashion within the home.
In addition to many lavish Christmas parties where large numbers of guests were entertained in the city, there were many informal gatherings, and few homes were .without guests at some time over , the holiday period. '
Largest party of the season was that given by Mr. and Mrs. Walter Beatty at their attractive home on Quarry Hill. Over 60 guests were present ind one of the nicest features was that parents with their teen-age children and tiny tots were all able to spend Christ mas Eve together. Inside the re ception rooms were gaily decor ated, supper, was served buffet style and old friends chatted, whilst in' the floodlit garden the younger folk gathered around the barbecue and had their supper as It was cooked. Mrs. Beatty re ceived her guests wearing a black taffeta skirt and a multi-colored blouse. She was assisted by her sisters, Mrs. Audrey Barbat and Mrs. Fowler, f Misses Marie Smith, Brenda Brown, Heather Robinson. Laurie Barclay, Pam Smith and Dulcle Brown with Messrs. Jim Hamil ton, Rowan Croker, Hal Smith, David Dalrymple, Jock McLean, and Skip Grant gave a delightful dance at the club house, Mackay Golf Links, on Christmas Eve. Decorations were "super"— -with a
centrepiece of huge balloons and streamers radiating right' across the celling and a beautifully decorated Christmas Tree in one corner. The setting was a lovely one for the crowd of young people invited. Dressing was informal and many lovely frocks were worn by the girls. Brenda Brown wore a white frock patterned with vivid flowers, whilst Heather Rob inson favored powder blue crepe with beading. Marie Smith wore a white pique jersey cut on clas sical lines and with it an emerald green sash and white sandals. Dulcie Brown wore autumn ton-ings in her full-skirted frock, while Laurie Barqjay chose a floral Jersey In pastel mauves and pinks with a touch of royal blue. if if j yATRON St. Ledger was another hostess who asked a few of her friends along for a Christmas drink. Among those present were Mrs. M. J. Gallagher and Bunny, Mr. and Mrs. Mick Beirne, Dr. A. Berry, Mrs. H. McK. Davie, Mrs. K. Whitehead and Dr. McGulness. . it it M1!8,. Laurel Rasmussen, of Sarlna, who was looking very chic last- Saturday In a lovely pale blue silk floral ensemble. * * * FOLK who literally made a "flying trip" to Mackay were Mr. and Mrs. A. Stortenbecker of Townsville, who flew down Mon-day morning for the Boxing Day meeting of the Mackay Turf Club and returned to Townsville by the late afternoon plane the same day. Mr. and Mrs. Stortenbecker may be remembered by many Mackay people who visited Townsville during the war years as the proprietors of the famous "Athol's Inn" — one nice place available to civilians, Australian service personnel and American non-commissioned ranks if they wished to take a friend to lunch or dinner. * * * A SMALL party of close friends was invited by Mr. and Mrs. Arfihie Black, of Carlyle-street, to come along and drink a Christ mas . Toast . to .Mr. Chubb Black and his fiancee, Miss Pam Rum-balle, on Christmas morning. Those present were Mr. and Mrs. Stuart Wallace, Miss Heather Robinson and Mr. Ted Walker. This popular pair announced their engagement at the Christmas Eve dance given by the girls and boys at the Golf Club.
QUITE a number of well-known townsfolk dined at the Imperial, Grand, Ambassador, Wills' and Palace Hotels on Christmas Day. Mrs. Bates, mother of Mrs. J. H. Brlnkworth, entertained Mr. and Mrs. Brink-worth, Nina and Jill at the Grand, while at the Imperial noticed Mr. and Mrs. H, A. Web ster and Charlie, and Mr. and Mrs. Hugh Corley and Hugh, jun., Mr. and Mrs. Archie Black and Chubb, Mr. and Mrs. Shambrook, sen., Mrs. P. Rappolt and Peter, and Mr. and Mrs. Fred Perroux. At Wills the Coben clan included Mr. and Mrs. J. Coben and Miss Edna Coben, Mr. and Mrs. A. Coben and children. At the Ambassador saw Mr. and Mrs. H. J. Manning, Mr. and Mrs. C. M. Manning and children, Mr. and Mrs. Tom Mulherin and Kerry, and Mrs. Keane and her attrac tive daughter. At the Grand the W. A. Wright family entertained a large partv of friends, Mr. and Mrs. C. J. Hanlon and Ailsa, Mr. and . Mrs. Geo. Came, Mr. and Mrs. Hector McLean and Jock, and Mr. and' Mrs. Brock. At the Palace noticed Mr. and Mrs. C. May and Joan, Mr. and Mrs. LeB. Wilkinson and Keith. Mr. and Mrs. Bob Dixon, Eileen and Doro thy. Dining rooms and menus were most attractive. . if if k QTHER visitors were Mr. ' and Mrs. Maurice Shannon, , of Olive Downs, who were In town over the week-end. A NOTHER iarge party was the annual Christmas morning hospital party given by the Women's Auxiliary and members of the Mackay Hosffitals Board. There was a magnificent Christ mas tree reaching right up to the ceiling in the children's ward, laden with presents and festooned with colored lights. Dr. McGulness played Santa Claus in traditional costume and afterwards visitors and staff were entertained at a morning tea served under the lovely Moreton Bay ' fig tree. It was presided over by Mr. A. V. Smith, chairman of the board, and Miss McLellan, president of the Women's Auxiliary. ? ? MR. and Mrs. C. J. Porter ipvlted - 30 guests ' along '.last Thursday night for a Onristmas drink before leaving to spend the Christ mas vacation at tne Strand Hotel, Cairns. Tropical flowers decor ated the reception rooms and all agreed'lt was a lovely party." MR. and Mrs. StanKoger of Racecourse entertained In honor of daughter Betty last Wednesday night. Occasion was Betty's 21st birthday,' which was celebrated with a party at Zaglas' Cafe. Sixty guests were present to wish the guest of honor "Many happy returns of the day." if if if MISS Dot Williams, of "Home-vale," who is staying at the Imperial for the Christmas fes tivities. if if MISS Brenda Hamilton, who arrived from Cairns and is spending the Christmas vacation with her parents; Mr. and Mrs. Geo. Hamilton. ? MR. Tom Gootch, who is the guest of Mr. and Mrs. Len Cain and daughter Pat, of Shake speare-street. if if if MISSES Irle Gard and Joyce Smith, both looking very smart In navy, and home from Brisbane to spend Christmas with their respective families. ? ? + NORTH Jacklin, son of Mr. and Mrs. "Abe" Jacklin, who is home from Nudgee College for the Christmas vacation. North will be returning to Brisbane early in the New Year to attend a special cadet camp for the secondary schools which starts next month. ? ? ? MR. and Mrs. D. Phillips, of Nambour, who will spend a few weeks In Mackay as guests of Mr. and Mrs. E. L. Chiton. Mr. Phillips is a dental Inspector of schools. ? ? ? MRS. A. Whalley, of Ipswich, accompanied by babies Denis and Judith, is spending Christ mas with her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Fred Field, Boddtogton-street.  ic if if DOSS Porter, son of Mr. and Mrs. Harold Porter, arrived on Friday night to spend Christ mas with his parents. Ross is at Point Cook, the R.A.A.F. College. ? ? ? MRS. E. M. Lindsay and daughter, Mrs. Ken Arm strong, will spend Christmas with Mrs. I. Knyvett of Porter-street. Mrs. Armstrong will be remem bered as Joan Lindsay. She will introduce baby daughter "Lyn" to her friends and relations. ? ? TRAVELLERS ' MR- and Mrs. R. seawrlght and Rodney left on Monday for holidays in Rookhampton. + ? ? TSLAND holiday for Misses Erica and Joan Sheridan of Gordon-street, who left on Tuesday for South Molle. ? ? yISS June Kurkowskl, of Shakespeare-street, who will spend a few weeks at Mt. Larcom.
roundTown