 09 Mar 1916 - Bundaberg and District Catholic Advocate (Brisbane, Qld. : 1911 - 1934; 1936 - 1938), Thursday 9 March 1916, page 28 Bundaberg and District (From Our Own Correspondent.; The st. Patrick's Day procession has for years past been regarded as one of the most notable events held in Bun daberg each year, and it has never fail ed to draw vast numbers of interested spectators, t treat as have been the processions of past years, the display this time promises to completely eclipse them, and e\erythmg points to wards a most successful and interest ing display made by the sons of Erin and their descendants, the greater number of whom form the general and sub-committees for carrying out all the arrangements in connection with the 1916 St. Patrick's celebrations. On Unprecedented Scale. Never before in the history of the town has a procession been arranged on such a large scale, and Bro. J. J. Scanlan. who has had the whole of the organising work in this connection on his shoulders, has left no stone un turned to make it a complete success. The members of the committee are: — Rev. Father Mimnagh, Bros. J. B. Clarke. .1. J. Griffin. J. B. St. Ledger P. Breen. H. Fitzgerald. A. D. East-aughffe. Egan. No\akoski. Schumann. Scanlan. J. Curran. S. Flynn. J. A. Mur ray. P. J. Boyce. and T. Johnson. Good Old Game of Hurley. The nominations jn connection with the sports closed last week, and though not as good as they were las! year, still they are very fair consider ing the number of young lads who are on active service. There are several post entry events, and it is expected that all of these will be well contested. Among them is an event new to Bun daberg, which takes the form of a hurl ing match. Never before has this game been played at a sports gather ing here, and it is sure to draw a large number of interested spectators. Thpr» arp <pvppqI uhnplatf" niox-An.-. hre. many of them out of practice no doubt, and who have never played the game since leaving the Emerald Isle, but they are all anxiously awaiting the tTth to come along and try their hand at their old game. They have already formed two teams, with a good num ber in each. The committee has also been offered a handsome gold medal as first prize for a footrace for boys un der 19 years of age, and they "them selves are adding 10s. as a second prize. Soldiers and St. Patrick's Day. Some time ago the Mayor (Aid. E. T. Steptoe . wrote to the State Command ant, making a request that the soldiers from this town who are training at Enoggera Camp, be permitted to visit their homes in Bundaberg for the 17th March St. Patrick's Day celebrations, and he has received in reply to his re quest the following letter from the Enoggera Camp Commandant: — Your letter of the 25th inst., addressed to the State Commandant, has been handed to me, and in reply I have to state that it is not possible to grant special leave fqr any celebration or send-off whatever, but men are en couraged to take their home leave at such time as will enable them to be present at any representative gather ing taking place in their district, and to this I have issued an order direct ing that all men from Bundaberg and district who desire to be present at the Hibernian celebrations on 17th March are to be allowed to take their home leave at that time, in which case they will receive rail passes. It will be given to understand that home leave can only be granted once. Death of Mr. G. H. Bennett. General regret was expressed on all sides when it became known at the lat ter end of last week that Mr. G. H. Ben nett, till recently Sub-Collector of Cus toms in this town, had passed awav at his residence, at the age of 60 years. The deceased gentleman was a native of Ireland, and was for 45 years a member of the Civil Service. Eor years he took an active interest in the welfare of the town. His wife pre deceased him some years ago, and he leaves a family of three grown-up daughters to mourn their loss. Wedding Bells. The marriage of Miss Mary Schle-ger. third daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Schleger, Burnett Heads, to Mr. D. O'Leary, son of the late Mr. W. O'Leary, of County Cork, Ireland, was solemn ised at St. Mary's Church on Wednes day afternoon of last week by the Rev. Father Mimnagh. The happy couple left the same evening for Brisbane, where the honeymoon is being spent. 