 19 Feb 1947 - Family Notices Bundaberg News-Mail (Qld. : 1942 - 1961), Wednesday 19 February 1947, page 4 WEDDINGS FRY—WEIGHT The marriage took place of Betty Amy, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. C. L. Wright, “Oreti,". near Thornhill, and Reginald George, son of Mr. and Mrs. P. L. Fry, of Wallavllle, at St. Mary's Church of England, Miriam Vale, on 15th February. Rev. A. H. Freeman officiated. The decorations at the church were zinnias in varied colours. , The bride wore a gown of white brocaded faconne of exquisite cut. It had a full train and was fas-tened down the back with tiny self buttons. The cut tulle veil wos surmounted by a coronet of satin and pearls. She wore a string of pearls, and for something old a unique cameo bracelet, loaned bv Miss McGuire of Bris bane. She carried an exquisite bouquet of fern and frangipani. The bride was attended by her sister, Miss Joan Wright, who was frocked in an ankle length dress if frosted acqua crepe romajne. The gored skirt featured a draped peplum. The neck line and pep lum were outlined with sequins and tiny mauve beads. She wore a Juliet cap of frosted acqua and silver, and carried a bouquet of oink roses. The best man was the brother if the bridegroom, Mr. Percy Fry. The reception was to have been held at "Oreti," residence of the bride’s parents, but because of flooded roads it was held at the Vicarage. The bride's mother’s dress was of navy sergilla, beaded in con trasting shades, and navy hat with cylamen flowers and navy acces saries. The groom’s mother wore grey satin, beaded in white, and black hat with white flowers. The bride’s coing away dress was an ensemble of heavy linen in an un common shade of deep soft rose. The frock was trimmed with self kilting on neckline and simulated peplum. The coat was cut on simple lines. She wore a navy hat trimmed with deep rose and mauve flowers and veiling and had navy accessories. Tile couple's future residence will be at Wallaville. ■ STITT—SCHEEGER The marriage took, pince'at the Holy Rosary Church, Bundaberg, un February 5, of Delphine Myra, third daughter of Mr. and Mrs. A. L. Schleger,.Burnett Heads, to Eric William, fourth son. of Mr. and Mrs. H. Stitt, Sharon. Revi Dean Bannan officiated at the marriage which was followed by Nuotial mass. The bride who was given away by her father,- wore a gown of ivory figured organza featuring scalloped ruchings on the bodice and fully flared skirt which ex tended into a long train at the back. She wore a beautiful hann embroidered tulle veil kindly loaned by Mrs. E. Cantrell and carried a bouquet of franglpanm and gasdenias. Miss Maureen Schleger and June Bloomfield were bridesmaid and flower girl respectively. They were frocked alike in shades of nil green and shell pink bridal satin. The bridesmaid carried a bouquet of mauve dahlias and asters, and the flower girl car ried n pink basket of pink and blue hydrangea, and both wore matching heart-shaped curvettes of satin swathed in veiling. Mr. L. Schleger was best man, and Miss Theresa Mclvor was the organist. Puring the mass and at1 the signing of the register Miss Pauline Ward sang. On leaving! the church horseshoes were placed on the bride’s arm by Misses Doris Stitt, Joan Stitt and Carmel Mohr, Brisbane. The reception wrs held at Har-1 vey’s Cafe where the guests were received by the bride’s mother as sisted by the bridegroom’s mother. On leaving for the honeymoon which was spent in Brisbane and Tambourine Mountains the bride wore a frock of mastic crepe fea turing shoulder yokes appliquedin brown flowers and bends and a cowl neckline. The panelled skirt featured a frill of the same mat eria! as the dress lined with biown accessories. Melbourne. — Coal mining or cold mining equipment will not be among the reparations sent from Germany to Australia, a Commonwealth official said to-day. K had been believed earlier !l-t Australia would get some of this type of equipment, which she bad ly needs. 