 24 Jul 1929 - SOCIAL AND PERSONAL. Bundaberg Daily News and Mail (Qld. : 1925 - 1940), Wednesday 24 July 1929, page 2 SOCIAL AND PERSONAL. Airs. W. Aloller, Bundaberg, is the guest of .Mr. A. Svejison, rine Creek, for a few weeks. The death has occurred nt Alt Perry of Mr. Frank Zimmer, one of the oldest district residents. News received from Alt. Perry states that the condition of Airs. O'Lonn is for from satisfactory. Dt. a. J. Gibson, Bingcrn, who has been visiting Java in connection with the sugar industry, will return home this morning. His Excellency the Governor (Sir JohnGoodwin) who has been touring North Queensland, returnpd to Brisbane by last evening's mail train. He was accompanied by Lady Goodwin and party. The many friends of Miss Ettic E>ahl, who is an inmate of St. Vincent's Private Hospital, will bo pleased to learn that she is now well on the road to recovery. A Golden Wedding. AIR. & AIRS F. C. SCHLEGER. The golden wedding of Mr. and Mrs. F. C. Schleger 'of New Bundaberg, eventuated on tho 22nd June, 1929. They are district residents of upwards of half n century. Mrs. Schleger arrived at Maryborough on "The High Flyer" in 1878, and Mr. Schleger in the same year on the "Scottish Hero," and they were married there in 1870. Their first colonial experience was gained in Maryborough, where they lived for a while, and then at Ycn-gnric. When the Gympie rush took place they shifted there and established a bakery business, which Mr. Sam Weller later bought out, and carried on the business until his death quite recently. From Gympie back to Maryborough for a while, and then- on to old "Duncraggan" near Darlington's store, in the Woongarra. Next for a while at North Bundaberg and from thence to "Mon Rcpos" Plantation in Mr. A. P. Barton's time. Mr. Schleger baked bread at Duncraggan and Mon Repos. NO PENSION; NO DOLE. In 1887 they bought a piece of land at 'New Bundaberg, and made their home and there they still reside. Hale and hearty they arc to be seen still working nt the present day, accepting no pension, no dole — in fact to mention pension is an insult to. them. When Mr. Schjeger , arrived at Maryborough he Wprked for Barbell or, the local baker, land Mrs. Schleger conducted amght school. .Some of her pupils of 50,»y.car;ago .are, stUL in Bundaberg,, alive land ; i retjied,'! also at Maryborough. 'Shipmates of Mrs. Schleger included Messrs W. G. Lewis, T. Tobin, Pat Harney nnd;Geo. Nixon -b'ff Guilders, and others, .who have passed away. ' Mr. Schleger remembers Mr,. jJJm Cullen, now deceased, of the Flaroour Board Works, who was ship's car-pentofr'tfril'the V6ydge duVfrom home. The "High Flyer" took over ljQO days on the voyage out from London, with ia very rough passage. The fine old veterans at the present day can read and write withotitf glasses, and haVe nevervhtfd a real day's3bad ; /sickness. Th6y. j.pr'mi'djiir' boast tn'at none of thdi eignt cWUL ren ever had. a doctor or dentist till the youngest was" well over 20 years of agj.or ever'was' ih a hospital till then.' HOME REMEDIES. . Once, when a child was six years old, he broke his arm, which was tied with some home-made splints, and got well, but he never saw a doctor. When the children had the measles or flu' they went to bed, or if they hnd a sore throat mother's stocking was the cure. All the older children have their own teeth now, probably because they drank spring and well water, there being no tanks in those times. Since the tanks arrived all the younger children have lost their teeth. There arc eight children, of whom one died by accident, and 20 grandchildren. All the children have settled down in Bundaberg, only one being in Brisbane.' Mrs. Schleger is from Ireland and Mr. Schleger from Austria, each coming out in the days of their youth. The old couple have lived, at New Bundaberg continuously since 1887 — a record for the locality — and can remember such . of . the pioneers as the Cran's and Mnhoncy's of Yengaric, Pat Lillis, an old friend, and A. P. Barton, and were very great friends of Robert; Will., Alf., and Steve Howard, also old Mr. Howard, who named the Howard,. They are colonists of whom Bundaberg may well be proud. 