24 Mar 1950 - Appeal Dismissed By Board
Morning Bulletin (Rockhampton, Qld. : 1878 - 1965), Friday 24 March 1950, page 7
Appeal Dismissed
By Board
In the Railway Appeal
Court yesterday, Frederick
Jason Johnstone, labourer ap-pealed against the appoint ment of tradesman's assistant Daniel Patrick Gleeson, to the position of shop storeman wagon shop, Rockhampton.
The appeal board consisted
of Messrs M. J. Hickey SM, D. Boyle, departmental repre-sentative, and E. R. Brown, employees' representative.
Mr. A. E. Chopping appear-ed on behalf of the Railway
Department and Mr. F. Camp-
bell (secretary of the A.R.U.) appeared for the appellant.
The grounds for appeal were (1) seniority, (2) equal if not greater suitability and (3) the appointment had not been made in accordance with the
Railways Act. Seniority was admitted by the department.
Frederick George Mannion stated that he had held the subject position, in an acting capacity, for 10 years. It was not classified until applications had been called for the pos-ition. The duties had increased in the position since 1942, al-though the same materials were handled. This was due to the increase of staff in the wagon shop. His duties had in-
cluded ordering, from the stores department, all require-ments. He left the position in December 1949. He knew both the appellant and the appoin-tee, but did not know their work and was not in a position to give an opinion as to whether either of them could do the work. It would take a new man a little time to pick up the routine.
The appellant said he was at present working in the erecting shop. He joined the Department in 1922. In 1934 he was a fettler and had reached the position of ganger soon afterwards. In 1948 he was transferred to the workshops at Rockhampton as a labour-
er.
He had been in charge of the bolt rack in the erecting shop. Although on a smaller scale it was the same principle as that used in the wagon shop, He had filed bolts of all sizes during this work. He had gained a knowledge of the work that would be required of him by moving around the workshops during the dinner
break.
He was sure he could do the work, as his experience as a ganger would be a help. He would have no trouble taking over and considered himself equal to the appointee.
In cross-examination, he said he had seen how the job was carried out, while on his lunch break. He did not feel that there was much to learn. He did not know which articles he would order from the stores department and which would have to come from Ipswich.
Third grade Foreman Coch-rane said that both the appel-lant and the appointee had worked under him in the erect-ing shop. The appellant was a capable workman. There was a bolt rack in the shop, but no one was in charge of it. The appointee often worked on it. The appointee had worked as tools storeman in the shop. He had done his work well and there would be an amount of ordering to do. From his knowledge of both men he had found them capable at their
work.
APPOINTEE'S EVIDENCE
The appointee said he had been the successful applicant for the position. He had had ten months' experience as a storeman in the erecting shop. This store catered for all tradesmen in the shop. It car-ried the usual stores including kerosene, drills, stocks and
screws, but no bolts.
He had never at any time received a complaint about his work in the store. He had car-ried out the making up of orders from the stores depart-ment. He felt he would be bet-ter suited for the position than the appellant.
In cross-examination, he said he had never actually worked in the shop store, but his experience in the tools store would be a great help. His knowledge of the work would help him. The tools store work was more complicated. It would take him a little time
to learn the running of the
store.
Reginald Charles Edbrook,
workshops engineer, stated that he had recommended the appointee for the position. He had found him a most efficient worker in the tools store. Both men were equal in many ways but the appointee had the ex-perience. It would take the ap-pointee only a week to get into the way of things, while he thought the appellant would take some time.
The appeal was dismissed on a majority decision, Mr.
Brown dissenting.