27 Apr 1895 - GENERAL NEWS.
Maryborough Chronicle, Wide Bay and Burnett Advertiser (Qld. : 1860 - 1947), Saturday 27 April 1895, page 2
GENERAL NEWS.
To all except tbe most prejudiced opponents of tbe Government, tbe news of the successful flotation of the £1,250,000 loaa must be reoelved witb a thrill of pleasure. It has been a splendid bqcosbs. We asked for money at a minimum of 97}, and It has been oflsred to us at a premium of £1 12s. 9d. over par, and five times as much as we asked for. Alt.hnnt.*h It: w*n a nnn.
version loan and therefore not an addition to our national debt (being Intended to take op liabilities falling doe) Its most favourable reception aqd generous subscription proves that bur state oredit now holrtB a high and firm place In theestlmallon of our London oreditors. This must be specially gratifying to tbe Government, wbo bave bad ail tbe Ills of tbe onunlry laid at tbelr door by tbeir opponents; wbohave beenoalledjaokassesunfit to govern, who were undermining the oredit of tbe State. Tli» London moneylenders, wbo are as mucb concerned io tbe credit of tbe colnny as we are, evidently di not think ao. It is Mr. Nelson's hour of triumph, and such an ample solatium abould compensate for all that be bas bad to put up witb sloce lie took tbe keys of the State coffers, aud entered upon the thankless task of making ends meet. Tbe authority in float this loan waB given at tbe close nf last session, but tbe
lime in act was leri wiiu lue Treasurer, and with what caul inn and taot he waited bin opportunity an l atlzed It, may nnw be hpuii In tbia moat brilliant and profitable | i i n . Tbe terms could hardly be n)nre fovnurable ; ' lid tbe paving to tbe country will be most apparent. Tbe retirement nf the maturing 6 per oent loan nf £775,000 witb tbis ctieap money, as well nn the sbnrt dated Treasury Bills, and t lie funding of tbe accumulated deficit should rr-enn a reduction tn tbe annual interest bill on our national debt of somethlnt: between £20,000 and £25,000. Wbat more cnnvioolou prnnf can we bave than this loan of 'be wonderful recovery of tbe onlony's credit, and what better evidenoe tbat tbe financial policy aod administration of tbe Unvprniueut bas been a right aod most fff-'; tire one The news was received In Mcrybnrnugn yesterday witb univema! expressions of satisfaction, and the Presideut of tbe Chamber of Commerce wired bis congratulations to tbe Premier. The widow of the lato Mr. George Johnston gave evidence touching tbe clrcuuistaoRes of bis death before tbe Police Magistrate (Geo. L. Lukiu, Esq.) yesterday morning. Senior Sergeant Gallagher was in attendance. Harriet Ann Johnston deposed : Am tbe widow of the deoeaaed ; be died on tbe 29tb March last ; for tbe last ten months previoue to bis death be had been drinking very heavily, in fact, be was only une week sober out of tbe ten months ; be bad been suffering from bronchitis ubout a montb before be died; we lived In Ann street ; be was at bnme all day on tbe 29th Marob; be was about tbe hnuseuutil6 p.m,, wbeu be went to bed ; on tbe day previous to bis death be was bad from drinking ; sent for Dr. Penny, who attended and prescribed for bim ; on the night be died Mrs. Sullivan was In tbe bouse with me until about 10 p.m.; about 6 20 p.m. I weut to bim, aud asked if h« would have any supper ; be said 'No;' be asked me to give him another dose of medicine Dr. Peony had prescribed ; gave bim another dose at 8 p.m.; be did not go to Bleep ; Mrs. Sullivan and I sat in the bedroom with bim until about 9'30 p.m.; gave bim another dose nf tbe medicine at 10 p.m.; about a quarter of an bour afterwards, I beard him breatblog strongly -, spoke to bim ; he did not answer ; was alarmed aad ran to a neighbour's bouse (Mr. Armstrong); beoamebaok witb me ; be looked at the deceased and e»ld ' I think be is dead' : sent for Dr. Penny, who came in abont20 inlnuteB ; tie said deceased was dead ; be made no oomlaint of bis illness previous to bis death; be was Buffering from drink ; periodically
ror me past 1/ yeais tne aeoeasea would drink to great excess, even of late having delirium tremens. Tbis concluded tbe evidence to be called, and tbe Inquiry was closed. The depositions will be forwarded to Brisbane lu the usual WBy. The adjourned Juror's Revision Court waa held at tbe Court Houae yesterday morning before Jobn Maoalister, W. Soutberdeu and R. Evans, Esqrs., JJ.P. Tbe Court was adjourned from Monday last fur tbe purpose of allowing tboae jumr'B wbo bad beeu given notice of tbe intention nf the Beuoh to alter tbeir qualification on tbe juror's Hat to Bttend aud show justifiable cause why lbe proposed alterations abould not be put into efleot. Tbe jurors— some balf-dozeu or more— wbo received notification were previously on the Special Juror's list aud tbe proposed alteration if eflrcled simply meant that In future tbey would be nlaced on tbe Common Jurors list. Of tbe juror's notified four attended and gave reasons wny tbey should not be removed from tbe Speoial Juror's list. Tbe arguments of two were considered satisfactory and tbey were allowed to remain amongst tbe special |uror's but tbe Bancb adhered to their proposed alteration of tbe qualitl. cation of tbe otber two wbicb places tbem on the Common Juror's list. Tbe two wbo were reduced considered tbat tbey were ubjustly dealt with by the Bencb. During tbe bearing of tbe arguments Mr, Suutherden referred tu tbe Act sbowing tbat every magistrate not attending was liable to a flue of £10 yet there were only three on ihe Bencb. He did not think it fair to put the reapoo. slbiiity upon suob a few, and be oertalnly would not alt on tbe Bench next year If there were not more magistrates upon It. Mr. Macalister also said that It was a thankless task, but it had to be done, as eotneone bad evidently been making a noise about it down below, lnstruotiobB having beeu reoelved lo have tbe qualifications of the jurors rightly put d own. The leaae of tbe Granville Bteam ferry for three yeure will be submitted to publio auction by Messrs. Bryant aod Cc. to-day, and tbe terms will be found in the sale announcements of thit firm. This is tbe outoome of tbe failure of tbe successful tenderer to go on witb bis contract owing to a serious m etike io bis price. As the prices of tbe other tenderers wore disclosed tbe Board desid^d not to cull for fresli tenders, but to put tbe lease under tbe hammer. Tbe result abould be favourable to tbe Board aod tbe users of tbe ferry, but tbere 1b tbe danger tbat tbe competitive bidding for the lease will drive tbe successful leasee to offer too bigh a price to make a ' llvine wage' out of the working of the ferry. If be sweats himself to get II, be will bave to sweat bis employees to make ends meet, and tbat Is a state of things to ba avoided. Publio bodies at least should not encourage It,Regular Regular rehearsals for tbe monster concert In aid of tbe Catholia Church choir funds are now taking place, and there ie every proa peel of a most suoaeesful masical event. Good singers of other denominations are assisting. The whole of the ready-made Men's, YoutbB' and Boys' Clotbing, Hosiery. Shirts, Ties of all descriptions at Finney, Isle', and Co.'e, are being closed out at striking redactions to square partnership aceounts. We advise all to oall, Inspeot, aud judge for themselves. New goods of all kinds are now being fast opened up every day. and put forward In every deparlm^u'.— DOONAN & Hanley.
A free leotnre to sohoot children, with magle lantern Illustrations, all about Queensland blrda and animals will be given In the Town Hall to-nlgnt by Mr. A. Meeton. Although this will be Mr. Meston'B first appearance In Maryborough aB a lecturer, be will not make his bow ae a stranger, for to all readers of news, papers in tbe oommnnlty be la one of the beat known men In Queensland. His fame as a graceful yet vigorous and earnest writer upon all topics pertaining to tbe early history of white settlement in tbis colony, tbe language, nustoms, legends, and records of tbe aboriginals, aod tbe habile and peouliafltles nf our Indigenous fauna and flora, has lung preoeded bim. Not less Interesting -han tbese subjects with which Mr. Meaton, almost alone as to several, ie bo oompetent to deal, le his own singularly s'riking personality, illuminated as It le hy a vast and varied personal experience and observation ol the great Queensland 'bush' and all that therein is— man, beast, bird and flnwer. We can safely anticipate for tbe children tonight a rare treat and valuable Informatf03. Mr. Meston will entertain and instruct and all wbo attend, in addition to spending an Interesting and amuBing evening sbould come away with a better knowledge of the birds and animals, and — for Mr, Meston is humanitarian before anytbiog, — a higher opinion and greater regard for tbem — exoepting snakes and crooodiles of course, about wbloh tbe lecturer will bave some blood ourdling bona fide stories to relate. On Tuesday nlgbt Mr. Meston will give bis notable leotnre on tbe unpublished tragedies aqd comedies of tbe early days la Queensland. A glance at tbe headings advertised in tbis issue sbould convince our readere that ft ought to be bigbly exclllng and entertaining, and charged with that siuguiar fascination wbioh the delving Into tbe obronicles and reminiscences nf our own past bistory bas for as. Mr. G. Stupsrt has consented to take tbe chair. Nominations close in Bundaberg to-day for tbe A- and P. Band contest. Uoless five enter for tbe competition tbere will be no contest. The test pieces will be— Quick marob, -'Canterbury Engineers' (T. E. Bulob); grand fabtasia, 'Ophelia' (A. Zelman); grand selectlOD, 'Lurline' (Wallace). In connection witb this contest it Is pleasing to bear tbat tbe Advance Brass Band bas decided to eater. It will be held on tbe 16th and 17ib July next, in conjunction with the Agricultural Snoiety'a annual I show. Tbis will be tbe first contest in wbicb a Maryborough band baa figured, and under tbe leadership of Mr. Alf. Hall they should give a goud account of tbemaeivea, as some splendid talent is to be found amongst tbe members. Mr. Bulcb, of Ballarat, Is lo be judge, and tbe pieces arranged for the competition are two test selections aod a test marob. Tbere is also a special prizs offered for the best Bet of waltzes— bands' own obooslng. The prizes for the competition are £50, £30, and £20, and it is expected tbat at least balf-a-doz-n bands will take part in It. The Advance Band will oommeooe practice next week, and tbe members intend making a supreme effort lo pot In a oouple of nights' practising If not more, every week, until tbe eventful time baa arrived. Of course tbe band will be put to some expense in connection with tbe contest, and tbey InteBd to give conoerts by way of raising tbe necessary foods. In this reaped tbe band will nu doubt have tbe practical support of the townspeople, as the mUBlo tbey render on suoh occasions Is well worthy of a substantial ccntribution. Mb, W. F. Harbinqton, managing director of Walkers Limited, replies to a correspondent In tbe Bundaberg Mail as follows My attention baa been called to a letter which appeared in your Ibsus of the 10th Instant signed 'Scrub'; tbe writer says that colonial machinery will not stand tbe strain, wear and tear, which tbe British machinery will, and in support of tbe arguments be gives the names of three mills as being British made, namely, Fairymead, Duncraggan and Doolbi, and wbiah be savs bave been running for years without any serious break-down, and which, he adds, Bpeaka well for British maobinery as against oolouial. Now, sir, whereas the Doolbi mills bave been wholly manufactured at my firm'e works here in Maryborough, and alan ereoted by my firm, and, I believe, bave not cost tbe owneis one hundred pounds fur repairs for the five years tbey bave been working, I think tbis letter speaks volumes for colouial made maobinery as against BritiBb made machinery. I sincerely thank your correspondent 'Scrub' for tbe really good testimonial he baa given ns tor the excellence of the Donlbl mills. Your correspondent's letter would bave been replied to sooner were it not for my absence at Maokay. Teleubams were received from Melbourne yesterday, stating tbat Maryborough oraDges were fetching from 63 to 8i per case. Tbese are satisfactory prices, and it is to be hoped they will be maintained. 'i'be season bas opened most encnuragingiogly for Maryborough growers, aod pioking, packing, and exporting are now going on meriliy. But tbe attractions of tbe suutbern market nave produoed a peculiar Btale of things locally. Tbe ' oarrying of coals to Newcastle,' is a term frequently applied to anomalies tu trade, but lu our case, as far as tbe looal purobaae of oranges Is concerned, tbe trouble is that there are no ooals in Newcastle. Tbe best fruit though grown in our midst, is sent abroad, and our own fruiterers and their customers bave for the preaent to go begging. If tbia aort of thing goes 00 tbere will be nothing for it but to imp irt orangea for local use while our own prime fruit is topping the southern markete. Of onurae if the bome consumer would pay tbe price he would get tbe fruit, but knowing bow cheap orangea bave been in tbe pi.8'., be would rather go without than do so. The lecture on Dante by Mrs. I. Allan Dakln, L.L.A., tabes place at the School of Arts on Monday night, and is being delivered at the invitation of tbe oooimlttee of Ibat institution, Tbe synopsis of tbe lecture shows tbat Mrs. Daktn proposes to deal with bis life and literary labours, and lbe times in wblcb Dante lived. The condition of Italy In the 13tb century will be touobed upon. Then will follow a description of tbe early life of Dante ; bis meeting with Beatrice ; bla love for ber aa aet forth in tbe 'Vita Nuova' ; ihe universe as imagined by Dante; bow be descended, as described in the 'Divine Comedy,' into bell, and olimbed tbe Mountain of Pnrgatory, and bow, finally, be ascended into the heaven of heave sr. Tbe lecture will alose witb tbe story of Dante's exile and death. We feel sure tbat Mrs. Dakin's treatment of tbis fine literary and historical subjeot will endnw tbe discourse with much interest to all wbo are of a studious turn of mind, and will bring enlightenment to many wbo have not bo far followed this course of stady. The master bakers and their employees will take tbelr annual holiday on Wednesday next, let May.