07 Mar 1894 - WOONGARRA DIVISIONAL BOARD.
Bundaberg Mail and Burnett Advertiser (Qld. : 1892 - 1917), Wednesday 7 March 1894, page 3
' WOONGARRA DIVISIONAL BOARD.
The usual monthly meeting of tlc Woon-garra Divisional Board was "held at the office yesterday, the members present being — Messrs. Williams (chairman), G. Noakes, John Gran, Farnnhar, Steindl, See, Niehon,
and Groom. The minutes of the previous mooting were read and confirmed. An apology was received on behalf of Mr. James Cran. correspondence. After the correspondence outward had been read, tho following lottcrB inward wore read and dealt with : — From James Cnllen. . stating that he had ' returned the broken metal borrowed, And thanking tbe Board.— Beceived. From William Croft, re 'bus stand, and tho desire of the Counoil that he should take his 'bos to a given stand in Bourbon-street, nud'osking if 'buses, carts or cabs going into the division wonld bo required to take out lioenses and go to stands ; if this were tho case ho would have no option but to r remove his 'bus and horses elsewhere. — Decided, on the motion of Mr. Cran, seconded by Mr. See, that Mr Craft bo written to and informed that tho Board bad no intention of issuing lioenses at present. Mr Fabquhab said that Mr Croft should be protected) he did maoh good to East Bundaberg. Mr Noakbs oriticiscd tho Action of the Council in imposing a charge of £4 on Mr Craft : the matter required to be looked into. Mr Niblson pointed out the Council bad by-lnwb which must be observed. From the manager, Q.N. Bank, intimating that an advance of .£1000 bad been granted. —Dealt with. From tho medical praotitioners in town reporting six coscb of measles in the division "Ronnived.
From Francis. C. Schleger, applying for permission to cnt and remove timber on tho streets of New Bundaberg. It was pointed out that this application differed from the others refnscd and had been recommended by the Foreman of Works. The application was granted. From J. Tchorzweski, asking permission to remove dead and fallen timber from the Cable road, 1200 acres reserve, and .'offering. £, 1 . It was : decided that the writer and other applicants be informed that the request could not be aoceded to ab. it was proposed to call tenders for, removing timber, tenders to bo in by next meeting. Reports. The herdsman reported that tho paBfc rains had maoh improved the water supply in the Deserve;' the windmill and fences were in fair, order- There were in the reserve on . 1st February, 08 oattlo and 103 horses ; 7 oattle and 0 boraea were received during that month j 14 cattle and 13 horses lmd been delivered, leaving 01 cattlo and 09 horses in the reserve at - dato ; fees received, none. Received, The Finance report was as follows: — Receipts for tho month, £20; dr. balance q.N. Bank, £145 4s. 7d.j accounts for pay-mont, £152 4s. 7d., leaving Divisional fund overdrawn, £297 Os. 2d. Adopted. It was agreed that tbe Finance Committee inspect the valuation register, and a special meeting of tho Board be held to adopt tho valuations whioh would thereafter be issued. The Foreman of Works reported to tho .following effect: — The road gang bad been employed on improvements to Christen ecu's road; repairs to Noakes'road; clearing drains and repairing formation Grimwood's road, from 1200 aore reserve to tho Hummook read; the men were now on Tumor's road, which would bo finished in a day or two,
WUUU two jnuiuutt wwuiu uo iciiiucu nuu Windermere road cleared. In that locality repairs wore much required. At Rohbein's road from Sohutt's corner to culvert water was now on tho centre of the road owing to tho drains boiug blocked up; if nob dealb ' with this, place would become dangerou; , suggested that tho gang repair the place; Mr Cnllen had returned the broken metal f' lent to html Tenders had been received for supplying unbroken inotal, the lowoat being that of R. J- Chappollow, which had been accopted by tbo Works Committee. The Board confirmed the acceptance of the tender. The report was adopted. The report of the Works Committee concerning the repairs necessary during tbe current year was read, and was to the following effect: — ' Kendall's Road — Tour Committoo in submitting to von thoir annual schedule of works, Lavinff in view tho somowhat limited rovouuo of the Board, havo found it advisable (for the nwwentl to koop from tho hoavy 37 of ra-motSling Kendall's road. \ From tho foot of the hill to Bonlab, has
i boon muoh improved at not a vory great cost ; aud wo think if tho uppor ond tovrords tbo gas works was similarly dealt with, it would tide ua ovor this yoar at all events, if free from floods. 1 Princes-street. — In our opinion this street from tho Prlnoo of Wales Hotel to Cbappclaw's requires ra-motnlling, and wo should also suggest that from Scotland-street to tho intersection of Bunda-stroot that tho motal boplnood in tho contra of tho street. This .will entail a soraowlmt oxtru outlay, but wo t'eol sure that tho alteration will bo well worth tho extra expense, both as regards utility, nud uppcarenoo. This work wo estimate to cost £714 10s. ; JJunda-strcet. — Tho uppor cud of this street Is in a very bad stato and requires to bo motallcd from tho oulvert to uear tho distillery, and from tho oulvort about 1 J chains towards Alexander-street requires pitohing aud metal-ling, and by making this street suitable for boavy traflle, wo feel euro it will bo largely u«od to and from tho roflnoryand disttllory and tho scrub, and moko n groat difforonce iu tho wear of Friucos, Scotland, aud Cran streets, Tiiis forming, motalliug, and blinding length from oulvert todistil!ory,andforming, pitching, metalling and blinding ono-und-a-half ohain towards Aloxander-stroot from culvert, wo
oetiraato tlio cost about £70— tho metal is already broken and paid for. Tcrrace-strcct —Home very nocossory repairs aro required in this Btreot, but wo recom-mond it bo loft in tho bands of tho Foroman of Works. Victoria and Ann-streets. — Drainngo to theso streets, with cBtimute of cost, was passed and approved of by your Board in lust year's Bchodulo of works, und if possible it would bo advisable to havo it carried out in oonjuaotiou with tho improvements in Princes and Bunda-streets.  Rasmussen Road. — Somo time ago your Board roqnostcd tho Foreman of Works to report on tho best means of improving this road. In this report it was stated that ho. could only recommend metalling. Aftor careful inspection of this plaoe,'wo aro of tbo samo opinion, os to try to do anything else would only bo wasting money. Th uppor ond noar Kalkio Hood is very boggy in showory weather, therefore wo propose to form ana metal tho length from ivalkio Road to near Mr. Gahan's gate, a distance of about 281- ohains, whioh wo estimate to cost £200 13s 8d. On- tho same road, but noar Mollor's form, somo olearing, forming, and draining Is required, probably 14 to 16 ohains, which wo orpoot will cost £12 or £14. , Prices EoatZ— Has already been passed and approved by your Board, aud wo would suggest tuo advisability of it being carried out when work on Raomussen's road is being done. Your oommitteo reoommend that when Price's road is completed tho Foreman of Works bo instruotod to clonr and form Rubyunna Road whore required boforo ooming away from there. Estimated cost. — Princes-street, £710 14s Od ; Viotorio and Ann-street, £40 ; Bunda and Ann-street8,£70 ; Rasmusson's Road, £200 13s 8d : Rassmusson's Road. £14 : Price's Road fas
per report), £50 ; Salaries, gas, general ox-ponsos, printing, interest, logal, and petty oash, £550 ; Maintenance Account, £400 ; total, £2044 7s 8d. This is tho total amount required if all tho recommendations bo carried out. P. Niblson, Chairman. Mr Nielson moved that the report should lie on tho tnblo fora month. If Princes-street wore undertaken a larger rovenue than that fchey had at present would be required. Mr. Cran seconded the. resolution, which was carried. This concluded the business and the meeting thereafter terminated.