29 Aug 1959 - ROUND TOWN
Bundaberg News-Mail (Qld. : 1942 - 1961), Saturday 29 August 1959, page 2
ROUND TOWN
l*kr
BUSY WEEK AHEAD IN B’BERG FOR WOMEN IN SPORTING SPHERE
There is a busy week ahead in Bundaberg for women in sport.
The Wide Bay marching girls’ championships Will be decided at the Showgrounds tomorrow and, on Tuesday, the Wide Bay and District Ladies’ Bowling Association’s annual carnival will start in Bundaberg.
More than 600 girls ana officials have travelled hundreds of miles to be in Bundaberg for the marching girls* championships. Host of the State’s leading teams. Including the local Grenadiers, holders of the Australian Junior title, will compete during tomorrow's all-day programme.
All visitors are being billeted for the week-end..
Mother Adviser of tho Bundaberg branch of the Order of Rainbow for Girls, Mrs. Nicholson, and 11 Rainbow girls travelled to Brisbane last night to take part In the Centenary • Sports Camlvol for Rainbows. They will return on Monday morning.
Girls from Bundaberg. Toowoomba, Dalby, Ipswich. Maryborough, as well as from many metropolitan assemblies, will take port In the sports, carnival.
The venue of this year’s Wide Bay and Burnett District Ladles’ Bowling Association annual fixtures Is the Bundaberg Bowling Club; •
The event takes place only once In 10 years-at each club, and yesterday officials of the Bundaberg Ladles' Bowling Club were busy making final arrangements for the carnival. Throughout the three days’ play they will provide lunches, morning and afternoon tees, and on Wednesday night there will be' a social evening in the pavilion.
The fixtures will be under the auspices of the Wide Bay and Burnett Ladles’ Bowling Association, - of. which Mrs. D. Rex, Maryborough,- Is president and Mrs. E. McVlcher, Maryborough, the ■ secretary More than • 100. women win take part - In the carnival, which starts on Tuesday. Play will begin after the official morning tea when tne club’s vice-president, .Mr. Milton Greenwood, will hand Uie greens over to the womens association for the three days’ play.
Visiting officials from the Queensland Indies Bowling Association wiil be .Mesa Reid, Wissen and Ross Hard tag, Brisbane. . ,
Early yesterday morning a jus load of 40 women traveled to Childers for the . quarterly divisional executive neettag. They were members it district CWA branches dore'Uian' 60"Women attendid from branches throughout he Burnett division, and the neettag was chaired,by the )resident, Mrs. E. B, Joyce, adsvold. . '
Members of the - hostess iranch, Childers, had made 11 the arrangements for the noblle meeting, and served oorning and afternoon teas. Mrs C. B. Courtlce travelid to’ Brisbane by plane on fednesday.
After two and a half years i Bundaberg, Me. and-Mra. . c. N. Lacey leave towards le end of next month for fynnum, where Mr. Lacey as been transferred as manger of the ES & A Bank. Mr. acey's successor will be Mr.
Bird.
To celebrate the golden wedding of their parents, Mr. and Mrs. W. McKay, members of the family- entertained them at a dinner party at !“GIenl£Te”, the homo of Mr.
and Mrs. McKay. Gladioli and Iceland popples in’golden hues decorated the dinner table, and a wedding cake was made and decorated by their younger daughter, Mrs. Ir. Moller. ,
Later in the evening the hosts and hostesses, Mr. and Mrs. W. R. McKay, Childers, Mr. George McKay, Mr. and Mrs. N. J. Baldwin and Mr. end’ Mrs. B. Moller, entertained 40 relatives and frlehds at a supper party.
Brisbane visitors who attended the functions were two granddaughters, Jocelyn McKay and Val Baldwin.
Mrs. J. Drew, Elliott Heads, left by plane on Wednesday to spend three weeks’ holiday in Brisbane.
Mr. and Mrs. C. Searle, who have been spending the winter months in Bundaberg, return to Toowoomba tomorrow. • ■.
.Visitors to Bundaberg this week-end are The Rev. John Holle and Mrs. Holle, Epptag, NSW. Mrs. Holle will be remembered here as Miss Moya Ryan, when she was on the organisation- staS of the Church of England.
Miss P. N. Donaghey Is spending a month’s holiday
In the south.
Southern croquet players Mesdames C. Logan (Sydney), O. Smith and W. Simmering (Victoria). have returned home. They were frequent visitors to the Bundaberg Croquet Club and expressed appreciation for the hospital
ity received. ■ ■ m
Mrs. W. McKay was honoured by her club mates at Sunnyslde Croquet Club on the occasion of her golden wedding anniversary. On the main afternoon tea table was an Iced cake draped with
golden tulle, the gift of a
member, Mrs. A. Tedcsstle.
The president, Mrs. W. J. Llmpus presented Mrs. McKay with a spoon crested with the club's badge together with- a sheaf of daffodils and hqather and expressed congratulations on behalf of I the club.
[ The souvenir 50th anniver
sary card was signed by all
members.
After three months’ holiday, Mrs. H. Dick will leave to return to Bumle, Tasmania, next Tuesday. Meed. A. Ing and D. Gorgush gave a farewell dinner party in her honour at the Royal Hotel on Thursday.
Quests Included Mesd. C Lambert, O. Howard, F. McCracken and M. Dick.
Mr. and Mrs. H. H. Innes entertained 60 guests at a fork dinner at Walla In honour of the approaching marriage of Miss Jennifer Kronk and Mr. W. D. Milligan.
Quests Included friends of the young couple and family friends of Jennifer's parents, Mr. and Mrs. L. T. Kronk. Several cars made the trip from Bundaberg.
Visitors to Gin Gin for the wedding Include Mr. and Mrs. D. Hamilton, "Candoona", Mr. G. Hamilton and Miss J. Hamilton, "Candoona”, Mrs V; Hamilton, "Halnault”, Mr. and Mrs. G. Milligan. Mr. X. Milligan, Mr. and Mrs: B. J. Shaw, Rockhampton, Mr. and Mrs. B. Dahl, Mr. and Mrs. J. J. McAulUfTe and Mr. and Mrs. J. O. A. Pizzey.
Misses Jill Rawllnson and Jean McMahon, of Sydney are holidaying In Bundaberg.
Before her departure for Kyi to Join her husband, friends of Mrs. D. Richards tendered her a bon voyage party at the Tattexsalls
Hotel. ...
Mr. A. V. Schleger and family returned to Rockhampton after spending a fortnight’s holiday with his father, Mr. A, !«. Schleger, Burnett Heads. Mr. Schleger since has left by plane for Musswelbrook district, NSW; to select dairy cattle for the Commonwealth Government for New Guinea. • •
Mr. and Mrs. Arch Dixon and family, of'West Bundaberg, spent the school holidays with Mrs. Dixon’s sister, Mrs. L M. Stephenson, Mount Perry. They returned by car yesterday.
Mrs. T. W. Heldke Win
who has been a patient at the Chermslde Hospital for the past three months. — his serious Illness.
At a well attended meeting members, of the Association of Civilian- -Widows —finalised plans for the fete and baby show to be held In Apex Pork In the near future.
The annual State conference Is expected to be held In Bundaberg. Hospital visitors reported that patients had been very pleased with posies and books given to them.