14 Dec 1951 - Charily Show By "Rockyettes"
Morning Bulletin (Rockhampton, Qld. : 1878 - 1965), Friday 14 December 1951, page 6
Charily Show By
"Rockyettes"
Through good public pat-ronage of the "Rockyettes' " revue, "You Can't Stop Laughing," presented in the School of Arts last night, the Spastics League and the or-phanages will benefit consid-erably. The show was well
received.
The big task of giving truth to the boast of pro-longed mirth was done by comedians Harry Carlos and Stan Scothern and their gags earned full applause.
Scothern took the comic j honours with an unusual pre-j
sentation, "The Dance of the Dying Wombat" With a i large top hat completely cov-
ering his head and resting on' this shoulders, eyes, nose and mouth painted on his bare chest and stomach, a pair of large ears covering his arms and a pair of false arms hanging low. he represented a queer, bloat-ed-faced, bodyless individual. As he danced across the stage, amazing convulsions of his stomach made the mouth twitch realistically. Unfor-tunately the performance was not long enough for the clever
work to be studied fully.
The show had a large com-plement of tap dancers (in ad-dition to the ballet», yodellers and solo singers. Bill Furze broke the run of light popu-lar numbers with fine baritone renderings of concert items "Floral Dance" and "My Curlv-headed Baby" and Jac-
queline Johnstone did like-
wise with a soprano solo, "Star of Love."
Two group numbers that
must have made envious the; natrons perspiring in the in-door humidity were "Snow-man" and an oldtime drinking scene. Amid a shower of snowflakes. Ron Anderson, dressed as a snowman, stood immobile as a real snow dummy while the ballet danc-ed on an icy carnet around him. Then, when the audience; was wondering whether the snowman's dress was stuffed or had flesh and blood inside, he joined tile ballet in the
dance.
In the drinking scene, while beer-garden customers regaled themselves straight from the bottle, a mixed chorus sang old. popular choruses fre-quently heard at convivial catherines after the beer has flown freely.
FcDowine was the full proi gramme: Items by orchestra,
[ballet, and company; vocal [solos. Bill Furze. Ern Mc|Clurg. Ron McDonough, the
?erarmnnists (Frank Vanderstok
I Ken Winter. Bill Furze, Phvl
[lis Williams), Joan Bartlem,' Phyllis Williams, Jacqueline] | Johnstone. Maud Janes, Jan-
ice Thompson; yodellers, Joan! Ridgway, Jimmy Ferricks, Charlie Bellett; dances, Faye Stitt, Kaye Stitt, the Bing Boys (Ron Anderson, Nev. Dwyer). Maud Whelan; items with ballet support. Lyn An-dersen, Clarrie Smith, Ron Anderson; comedy turns, Harry Carlos, Stan Scothern.
The members of the ballet were Faye Stitt, Kaye Stitt, Bunny Evans. Phyllis Green-ough. Shirley Anderson. Coral
Mulholland.