02 Apr 1895 - No title
Maryborough Chronicle, Wide Bay and Burnett Advertiser (Qld. : 1860 - 1947), Tuesday 2 April 1895, page 2
Thh Municipal Council holds the asapi' fortnightly meeting to night, and will have a rather heavy business sheet to dispose of, (as tbe varloas committees bave been at work daring tbe past fortnight and will bring forward tbeir^ budgets to-night. The Works Committee pro* mlses a particnlarly heavy lint of recommendations, including the forming and i metalling of a number of roads that are j badly in need of such attentloo. Tbe Waterworks Committee will submit tbe I
plans aud specifications for the new engine and pump atTeddioeton aa drawn up by the engineer, Mr. D. Jaffrey. C Company. Q.D.F., held tbeir usual quarterly muster parade oo Saturday afternoon last. Capttln J. Fairiie and Lieutanaot Harvey were in command, and 26 of the company were on parade. The arms and accoutrements were carefolly examined by the officers and foaod in good order, and bearlne evidence of having been carefully looked after by tbe men. As It Is tbe intention of tbe Com* pany to take part In tbe encampment to be held at Lytton during Easter, two parades will be held weekly in future to enable tbe men to get up tbeir drill. At tbe Police Court yesterday morning before Geo. L. Lukln, Esq., P.M. Eliza Poulton pleaded guilty to drunketinesB in John street on Saturday night, and was fined £2, with the alternative of ! three months' Imprisonment, for which she returned ber thanks. Tbe Police , Magistrate told defendant tbat she wonld be better down balow, as she could not earn ber own living here, and only got drunk. There were four previous convictions against tbe defeudaot. Ik connection with tbe Instrumental Promenade Concert and Dance in tbe Exhibition Hall, Show Grounds, on
Thursday nigbt, the combined banu held a rehearsal last nigbt, and played very well indeed. One of the marches in the big band perade round tbe town will be Herr Geyger'a very lively and popular Exhibition March. From 45 to 50 iustru* mentalists are expected lo take part. The programme published ou Saturday has been most favorably received. Thebe is a I i k li hood of a magisterial inquiry beiog held into tbe circum etancea connected with tbe death of Mr. George Johnston, who died rather suddenly at his residenoe In Ann street on Friday night last. The diseased, who was a resident of tho district for a uumber of year, recently sold out hie homestead at Chllders to the Colouial Retiniug Company, and had been in iuditfertnt health for some time past. As previously announced a social to welcome tbe Rev. J. C. Harris, will be held in tbe Congregational Chutcb to-night. A musical aud general programme that should enaure a most enjoy* ab e evening will be provided. A few appropriate speeches will be made during tbe course of the evening. The following is the return and report of the Maryborough Hosoit&l for tb» week ending March 30ih, 1895 Remained froui iadt week, 31; since admitted, 0; total, 40; discharged, 8; died, 0; now remaining — males, 18; females, 14; total, 32 ; outdoor patients, 14 ; total treated, 4fi. A WOMAN of the age of tweuty-sevsb, who was literally ' an infaut.' died iu Miiniuoipe Workhouse, Weatmorelaud, and was burled last month. She presented to the last the appearance of a stout child of two or three years of age, aud never gave the slightest proof of the existence of a mind in her body. She passed through the regular period of training at the asylum for Idiots, at Lancaster, but could be taught nothing, not even, in tbe slightest degree, the power of speaking. It Is only during the last year or so Inarticulate sounds. The only indication of tbe possession of any quality abovni the rudiments of instinct was tbe possession of some aeose ot modesty and uleauiiness of babir. She was very good-natured, and was simply idolised by the old womeu resident in the boose. It was curious to see them crowd around ber and cry out, ' Bless Its iiitle heart, the | dear little boney !' Deceased was a I native of Kendal, aod at tbe time of ber ! : death she stood exactly 3 ft 5 in in height 1 I and her normal weight w&b 4 st 4 Ib. i I Her bead was abnormally large, 1 the head, in fact, of ao ordinary s-zed i woman, aud with ^the bxceptiou c.f 1 an Indented spiue, there was uo malformation of the body, and she ccni.i take her food heartily, She was perfectly harmless, and, un-ike most born iojbeoiies, never ou soy occasion displayed , vloleu?e of disposition. She walked wilb | difficulty, and rarely took aoy exercise. | Tbe arrest of the natural development of ! body aud limbs bas been attributed to tbe primary malformation of the spine, and her death wa3 due to a severe chill caught during the prevailing frost, and imperfect blood circulation. A French scientist, M. Ragonneau, has just discovered how to make a plaot grow from the aeed in 30 minutes aa mQch as it would under ordinary circum stances in as maoy days. Heretofore Nature baa shared this secret with tbe Yoghis of India alone, and the methods pursued by these clever magicians in per* forming the trick bave often been described. They plant a seed in the earth aud cover it with a cloth. In a few moments the oloth begina to be pushed upward by tbe growing plant, which in a short, time attains tbejieigbt of several feet. Various theories have been ad ? vanced as to tbe modus operaudi of this miracle, one of the latest being that the spectators are all hypnotised by the magician. During bis travels In ladle, M. Ragonneau saw this trick performed frequently, and noticed tbat tbe Hindoos always embedded tbe seed in oil which they brought with them especially for that purpose. At last ho ic'trued that thay obtained tble earth from autbille. Now, as every 'me knows wbo bas inadvertently eaten oue of these Industrious i insects, ants contain a large proportion of formic acid, with which lu time the soil of their habitations becomes charged. This bcid bas the power of qoickly dissolving the integument surrounding tbe a seed and of greatly stimulating the growth of tbe germ within. After a little exrerimenting with this acid, the learned Frenohman was able tn duplicate perfectly the Hindoo trick. His further researches bave led him to believe tbat this discovery may te profitably applied to agriculture. By infusing ants in boiling water acid as strong as vinegar can be obtained. M. Ragonneau has acbieveu tbe beet results and most perfect growth by UBiog earth moistened with a solution of 5000 parts of water aod one of acic?.