19 Apr 1902 - VAGRANCY AND NEGLECTED CHILDREN.
Colonist (Maryborough, Qld. : 1884 - 1952), Saturday 19 April 1902, page 20
VAGRANCY AND NEGLECTED CHILDREN.
Wednesday, April 16th.
(Before E. Morey, Esq., P.M.)
A sad case of neglected children Avas brought before the Bench, Avhen Lizzie Jackson 11 years, Kate Jackson 10 years, George Jackson 7 years, and Rose Jack-
son 4 years, Avere proceeded against as neglected children. The mother, Mrs. Mary Jackson, and her eldest daughter, Mary, aged 17, Avere also in Court on a charge of vagrancy. These tAvb - Avere placed in the dock, the four children being seated on chairs outside, and in front of their mother. The sight Avas a sad one, and the story of the alleged immorality of the mother and eldest daughter, a shocking one. The children looked well and healthy, but in the matter of clothing they shoAved many signs of neglect. Sergeant CIuIoav prosecuted, and the following. Avitnesses Avere examined : — Acting-Sergeant William Johnson deposed : Am stationed at NoAvtojvh ; knoAV the four children before the Court, also ' their mother, Mary Jackson ; have knoAvn her nearly six months ; lnieAV her first Avhen she lived in Walker street, New-toivn ; complaints Avere made to me by residents in the immediate neighbourhood as to the house she kept; in consequence I watched the house on several nights; saw youths from 17 to 20 on the verandah of the house and round about it ; spoke to her about it; have seen the youths there up to 1 o'clock in the morning talking to Mrs. Jackson and her eldest daughter; the young felloAvs had scouts out who nave the alarm Avhen I amnroached.
and all cleared out ; have seen as many as a dozen young felloAvs at her bouse at one time; consider they Avere there for immoral purposes; one dark night Avhen I Avas close bv she said to a couple of young fellows, "We'll have to smell the police as Ave cannot see them" ; have spoken to several of the young felloAvs Avho Avere in the habit of frequenting the house. Here witness handed to the P.M. a list of young felloAvs he had spoken to ; the first on the list admitted lie Avas there for an immoral purpose; Mrs. Jackson Avas put out of the house in Walker street on accoumt of the report made to the OAvner about her ; they Avent to a house recently unoccupied, and next to the Hospital; complaints were made to me about them at this house; in consequence of these complaints Constable Costello and myself Avent out to the house last night ; on getting near the house saAv 12 or 14 youths there making a great noise and using most obscene and disgusting language ; the mother and eldest daughter (with the four children, in Court) were all on the verandah ; the young fellows were speaking to Mrs. Jackson and the daughter, and running about ; this kind of conduct lasted a coiipl'o of hours ; shortly after 10 p.m. the four children Avere crying and asking their mother to put them to bed; she kept telling them, to "shut up : ' about 10.30 p.m. the youths mentioned above had gone, and two more youths who. from their dress, I took to belong to the Naval Brigade appeared on the scene : know them ; they went upon the verandah and began to speak to the eldest daughter
(Mary) Avhose age is 17 ; the mother pift the children to bed about 11 p.m. ; she came out again and Mary then Avent inside; the tAvo young fellows pulled Mrs. Jackson about ; Avent up and asked the youths their names, and told Mrs. Jackson she Avould hear further about it; inspected the tAvo rooms of the place in aa'liieh Mrs. Jackson, Mary, and the other children occupied ; both rooms Avere quite bare of furniture, and the floor Avas in a most filthy state; there Avere no beds in the rooms; the only bed clothes consisted of a small blankqt and tivo pieces of old blanket ; there Avere three mugs and a few old children's dresses: the Avliole of the stuff Avas put into a fba)g and ljtrought _ to /the Avatch house ; there Avas no food in the house. Constable Hugh Costello gave corrobora-p evidence. This Avas the case for the prosecution, and the mother Avas informed that she could either give evidence or call witnesses to disprove the police evidence. Mrs. Jackson declined to take the witness box or give evidence. The P.M., in dealing with the children, said he Avould like to make a feAv remarks. The evidence shoAved that a very sad and disgraceful state of affairs exists in. this toAvn. He supposed from the evidence that this Avas not the commencement of it, and that it had been going on for some time. (Sergeant Clulow: For nearly 12 months.) It Avas surprising to him that so many young felloAvs, youths, some mere boys, Avere alloAved out of their homes at such late hours at night, and it served to sIioav that the parents, particularly the fathers of these boys must be negligent Avith them. The majority of mothers did look after their daughters, and kept them in at night. They did not alloAV their daughters to Avander about at all hours of the night, but it seemed to him the fathers ignored their duty, probably thinking that someone else ought' to do the Avork that God Almighty expected them to do. He supposed these fellows thought the police should do it. The clergy of all denominations and the Salvation Army seemed to fail in keeping these young men from the horrible brothels and the moral pollution that must enter into their minds by keeping such associations. It was the duty of the fathers to look after their sons, and he hoped that what he had said in this matter would go forth to the public. These children had been absolutely living amongst prostitution. He sentenced them to different terms in the Industrial School at Too-woomba — Lizzie to 4 years, Kate 5-years, Rose 7 years, and George 7 years. Vagrancy. Mary Jackson, the mother, was proceeded against as a vagrant — having no lawful visible means of support. Sergeant Clulow prosecuted. William George, representative of the A.M.P. Society, gave evidence that he went up to the house lately occupied by Mr. Bland to inspect it, and found defendant with her children occupying a building at. the back of the house; she said she was in destitute circumstances, and he told her she would have to leave. Acting Sergeant Johnson deposed that defendant had done h few days washing since he knew her, about six months, but not enough to keep herself and the children. He had had complaints of her going round from house to house begging. She generally took some of the children with her. ' This was the case for the prosecution. Mary Jackson, deposed that she worked whenever she could get it for the children, and had got help from the Benevolent Society. Her eldest daughter gave her money when she worked. She was turned out of the Walker street house, and her furniture taken because she was backward , with her rent.
By Sergeant Clulow: Have not done any work for the past couple of months. By tlie Bench : The Benevolent Society refused me further assistance on account of my bad character. This was the defence, and the P.M. informed defendant that she had not satis-
fied him that she had visible means of support. He held she was a vagrant, and sentenced her to 4 months' imprisonment in Toowoomba gaol with hard labour. Mary Jackson, daughter of defendant, aged 18 years, was also proceeded against as a vagrant. Acting Sergeant Johnson gave evidence on behalf of the police. The defendant, who took the "witness box, gave evidence on her own behalf, and in cross-examination by Sergeant Clulow she admitted that she had only worked two months in the six months she had been in Maryborough. She worked at " lame Charlie's " for six weeks, a little over two months ago, and since .then a 'fortnight at the Grand Hotel. The P.M. held defendant to be a vagrant. He was very sorry to have to sentence a. young girl like her for vagrancy. He did not consider it so much her fault as that of her mother, who was sitting beside her. Her mother must be a very vile woman, and lier influence and behaviour bad brought defendant to the low state she was in. . He sentenced her to two months' imprisonment in Toowoomba gaol with hard labour. He thought it was the kindest thing he could do for her to send her to gaol. This concluded the business of the Court.