28 Jan 1928 - GENERAL NEWS
Colonist (Maryborough, Qld. : 1884 - 1952), Saturday 28 January 1928, page 19
[?]
- : : U OBITUARY.
The death occurred on Wednesday week of Mr;' Henry Allbert Curtis (' ' Gullie ") ' Johnstone, . aged 32 years and four months,, after an illness of
twou'months. Deceased. who took a keen interest, in cycle racing, ..and was ?a well-known rider, .was bom at Maryborough, an/, had resided here all his life. He: was a .painter by trade and 'had obeen employed in tho Railway. Department for the past six. yeans;; He was also a well-known member of the Excelsior Lodge No. 1, P.A.F.S.O.A. - Deceased was widely known . in the- Bauple district. . He leaves a sorrowing -mother, . wife and two children, Gilbert and Desmond, to-mourn their sad loss. He also is survived by four brothers. Messrs. William John and Vincent George Johnstone (Maryborough), Frederick Jason Johnstone (Dappil), and John Bolanl Johnstone. '(Brisbane), and two nidters, M-esdomes Marcus Doge. (Maryborough) -and T. Schmidt (Brisbane). The death occurred late on Saturday, night: of Mrs. Ellen .Kluck, wife of Mr. John< Kljick,. of, W-ondai. Deceased waso bow. in Ipswich, - where she had resided for 31-. years, : but- latterly had resided at; Wtondai. In addition to a sorrowing, husband, deceased is but-vived by five8ons and three daughters, namely.: William, Albert, Nicholas, WalteT and Arthur Kluck, and Mes-damos T. W. Smith . (Nikenbah), T. J. Holding and; Miss Lillian Kluck. She also deaves four brothers and three sisters, Messrs. W. V., K., H., and A. Steefle and- Mesdames J. Simpson (Woo-looga), E. Guard (Ipsiwich) and E.Butler (Ipswich).We We regret to record the death of Mrs;- Mary Anschau, . which occurred early on Saturday night. The late Mrs; Anschau was- born, in Castlefinn, Londonderry Ireland, and' came out to this country many years ago, landing At Maryborough, where she had resided over since. Deceased took an active part in alll matters pertaining to the welfare of Sit. Mary's Church, and her demise will < be keenly felt.. She is survived by one son and- two daughters namely Mr. John Anschau (Sydney), Mrs. ; J. R. Law -(Brisbane), and. Miss Catherine Anschau (Maryborough). Her husband- predeceased her 15 months ago. i A very old and respected pioneer of Maryborough, in the person of Mrs." Jepeline AxeJsen-, aged 74 year® and 11 months,- passed peacefully away Monday morning, at her . residence, Ferry-street, after- an illness of several, ..months. Deceased! was born in Denmark and came out to Queensland in 1:872, landing at Maryborough where she had .resided: for the remainder of her .life- with - the exception of a few years. Deceased 1< aves a sorrowing husband, Mr. Niels Axels cn, and two bo us;- Messrs Henry Axelse-a (Maryborough) and1 George Alfred (Axelsen (Brisbane) to mourn their sad Iobs. There are- six grandchildren and two great-grandchildren. j .Our Bdoval c. ot r o sp o nil e n t_wr it e s : — There passed away early on Monday, Jannary 16, at the residence of his son, Mr. : Jas. Mnnilerson, Gin Gin, an. old pioneer in the person of Mr. Thomas Manderson of St. Agnes, aged 77 years. As- the deceased had been in failing health for three months the end- was not- unexpected. He leaves behind a widow, four daughters and three sons, namely, Mrs. James Neilson (BiffgeTa). Airs. L. Skill iiigton (Boo-yal), Misses Annie Allan and Marion " (St. Agnes), William (Gin Gin), James (Gin Gin), and. Robert Andrew (Goodnight.) Mrs. Fred Wallace died some years ago; Thomas and Charles j paid- the supreme sacrifice in France during the war. The late Mr. Man- 1 derson came from North Berwick to Brisbane in the ship "Royal Dane" about 58 years ago, and was .employed i-n timbergetting in the scrubs along the . coast,. He married Miss Elizabeth Jessie Jan© Ferguson, .of : Woodhill, and selected land on- Allan 's Creek in the Logan district, and resided there for a few-years. Later he went to Brisbane and worked -at his trade" as carpenter. After throe years sugar growing at . the Cedars, Bingera, he took up land at St. AgneSjSO years ago, and with liis family wont in for cattle raising and -dairying. Hero ho lived until ill- j ness necessitated his removal to town, j Three years ago Air. and Mrs. Mander- J son celebrated their golden wedding,. | and all the children were present. Of ! that happy union of 53 years ago there are now 29 grandchildren and three'
great grandchildren. Mr. Manderson was a twin, but his brother, Robert, predeceased him many venTs ago at Donnybi-ook, W.A. The many "friends of Mr. Alfred Samuel (Flyn) Woodcock will regret to hear-;(>f his death, which .took place, after a short illness, in the Gayndah Hospital on Sunday, Deceased was the second - son of thp late Mr. John James- r Woodcock. He- was- a well-known cricketer, playing for many years 'with the Aldershot Club. He left- Aldershot for the Binjour Plateau about 14 years ago, where he followed dairying pursuits. He leaves a sorrowing wife and four brothers. The funeral on Monday, which moved from the Methodist Church, Gayndah, was attended by relatives and friends of the deceased. The pallbearers were Messrs John, George and James Woodcock (brothers), and Mick Woodcock (nephew). The Rev. Guilders held a service in the church and also officiated at the graveside. The funeral arrangements were carried out by Mr. Ee Grand.