10 Oct 1895 - No title
Maryborough Chronicle, Wide Bay and Burnett Advertiser (Qld. : 1860 - 1947), Thursday 10 October 1895, page 2
- - The oartlog of tbe Plalba cane by road to tbe Sugar Faotory bas now oome to an end, muob to tbe satisfaction of tbe farmers. Yesterday two punts were des patched In low of a steamer to Bunya Creek landing, .wbitber tbe Plalba farmers will cart tbe remainder of tbelr
oane, toe aietauoe varying rrom three to seven miles, which is a very trifling matter, as comoared with tbe trip to Maryborough. One punt will be always in waiting at tbe landing for farmers to dump their cane into at any time, and a punt load of 80 tone will be towed np to tbe faotory every other day, till tbe balance or tbp crop, estimated at 1000 or 1200 tons, bas been out and (delivered. Though fble'ljg.a^reat Improvement upon tbe journey by rbad to town, we under stand tbat tbe majority of tbe farmers at Plalba do not think they [are warranted in extending the area of'laDd under cane nntil tbey see some positive proof tbat tbe railway will be in existenoe next crashing Sseason. The Railways Guar antee BUI bas been rorwarded to tbe Upper {House, and its con
sideration a as been fixed for Tuesday next. Now tbat nearly all the objections raised (fgalnst tbe first Bill last session by members of tbe Legislative Council bave been met In tbe new measure, it sbould paea through in a day, so tbat by tbe end of next week there ebould be no reason why tbe Burram Board should not get to work witb a will to bave the Plalba Railway constructed under the provision of this Act. LITTLE PHYLLIS PERRIER has re-turned looking healthier and brighter than ever after her northern tour. Among her recent patrons of note have been the Right Rev. Bisbop Dawes, of Rockhamp-ton, his Worship Mayor Forrest and Judge Chubb, of Townsville, Prior Vaughan, Warden Mowbray, and many others in Charters Towers. Never a day passes, it is said, without some fresh sign of the little girl's wonderful mimicry. Her very latest is a rendering of "The Alabama Coon," which she gives as she saw and heard it recently given by "The New Boy" Company in Rockhampton. She will appear on Friday night at the Town Hall in an entirely new pro-gramme, "The German Professor," a musical comedy, and the prices are very popular. Seats may be booked at Mr. T. Miller's. A Saturday matinee will also be given, for which special tickets will be distributed among the schools. The weekly Small Debts Court was
held yesterday, before M. W. Braun and F. R. Banbury, Esq., when tbe following undefended cases were heard and de-cided :— Maryborough Newspaper Co. v. Mrs. Blundell, subscription to Colonist, £2 12 ; verdict for plaintiff with 5s 6d costs. White Bros. v. A. Jessup, promissory note and interest, £9 8s ; ver-dict for plaintiff with 5s 6d costs of Court and 21s professional costs. Mr. Stafford appeared for the plaintiff. E. Booker, jour., v. Gustav Thorns, meat supplied, £17 4s 9d ; verdict for plaintiff witb 15s costs, tbe defendant having paid £10 siooe servloe of summons. Harriett Ann Johnston (administratrix of George Johnston, deceased) v, John M'Menamin, ' money payable. £5 19s lOd ; verdict for plaintiff witb 5b. costs of court and 21a professional costs. Mr. Morton appeared for tbe plaintiff. Four oases were with drawn. | A quiet wedding took plaoe at the residence of Mr. Walter Smitb, in New town, yesterday moroing, wben Mr-Jnbn MaDBOD.averyold offloer In tbe Post Office, was married to Miss Isabella Smitb. Tbe ceremony was performed by tbe Rev. Dr. J. I. Knlpe. Tbe bride was attended by ber sister. Miss Edith Smitb, and tbe two Misses Falrlie (pretty little
tots) aB bridesmaids, wblle Mr. J. W. Anderson aoted as groomamau. Tbe bridal pair left by tbe mall train for Brisbane on their honeymoon, amidst the oustomary shower of rfoe aud good wishes from tbelr friends. The steamer Dukeof Buckingham from London via northern ports arrived in Hervey'a Bay yesterday moroing. coming to anchor off tbe Wblte Cliffs. Tbe lighter despatobed the previous evening from town was towed alongside, and the Maryborough oargo— 120 tons — wbb tran shipped into ber. Tbe mail steamer tben resumed her voyage on to Brisbane, and tbe lighter in tow of tbe steamer Muriel Bell Ib expected baok to town this morn ing. Mr. T. W. Evans formerly of Mungarr State Bobnol, aod now headmaster of tbe Blackall Bcbool, writes to a Maryborough friend Btating tbat be baB eeen in tbe Colonist tbat a large bead ot oabbage weighing 16 lbs bad been grown at Tor quay ; but tbey oan beat tbat out west. Tbe otber day two cabbages were brought into Blackall weighing 24 Iba and 28 lbs, also a oaullfiower weigbing 40 lbs and a sweet potato of 60 lbs. Tbey were grown In the vloinity. although tbe weather is eo troploal, the assembly class wbioh meets at Mr. Hobson'e rink on Wednesday evenings continues to attraot and reoeive tbe patronage of a good number ot youDg people. A pleasant time wbb spent at tbe rink last nlgbt, and a large number are expected to be present at the skating oarnival and danoe, in aid of the Hospital funds, which takes plaoe in tbe rink to-morrow night. The usual meeting of the Committee LadieB Benevolent Institution wae held yeeterday In St. Paul's Soboolroom. Tbe following ladies were present — Mesdamea Young (president), Snipe, Smith, ForaD, O'Brien and Brennan. Aooounte to tbe amount of £2 7a 2d were passed for pay ment. A nloe parcel of obildren's olothiug was reoefved from Mrs. Baruett'a band of young workers. The steamer Luainda is expected to pass tbrougb Saqdy straits this morning on tbe return trip from Townsville to Brisbane with His Exoellenoy, Sir H. W. Norman, Sir 8. W. Griffith (Chief Justice) and Hon. H. Tozer (Colonial Secretary) on board. The eteamer Llewellyn with Captain Boult on board left town on Tuesday last to esoort tbe Luainda through tbe straits. Our Mount Bauple correspondent writes under date 7th October :— Mr. M'Cullocb, the Government valuator, has been with us and baa gone again, and I bear tbat bis report Ib highly Batie faotory. We bad splendid rains on Fri day and Saturday last. It has gone well Into tbe cane land, but bas notjmt much into tbe waterholee. The Yengarie Crtcket Club's ooooert and danoe takes plaoe In tbe Yengarie Hall to-olgbt, and ie expected to be a moat eDjoyable and successful affair. A number of Maryborough friends wiil uo doubt take a ran oat and participate in tbe evening's pleasure. Mr. W.iL. G. Drew, Chairman of tbe Civil Service Board Is now in town mak ing bis periodical Inspection of tbe vari ous Government offices. He- goes on to Rockbampton. Mb Charles M'Mahon is in town, and will eborliy Introduce to the Mary borough publia Edison'*' wonderful klnetoecope. We believe a movement is on foot to re-open the provisional eohool at Dun dathu, Inspector Scott has been asked lo report.
Oub worthy P.M. departed tor Paradise at aa early hoar yesterday moroiag, by ttaiD, to preside over tbe Revision Qourt there. Yesterday was a eattry summer day with Dortb wind and cloudless sty. A thunderstorm is uot anllkely lo-day. The Hospital Benefit Skating Carnival and Danoe lateen plaoe In tbe Albert rlafc on Friday night. Even the swelling gambler Is 'good tor business' In bis own particular way.' This, at all even's, is tbe oaBe in New York, where tbe maodractnre of swindling appliances for gamblers lanem* to be bb flourishing an lodnatry bb porbbatobering in Cblaago. Tbe geailemeD who are at tbe head of tbese manufacturing houses 'to assist tbe dootnne of cbanoe,' are Wiinderfally inventive, tbelr goads Inolndiug oronbed firn boxes, 'filed' roulette wbeelB, marked cards, loaded dice, and ever so oiany other pretty contrivance'. Marked cards, It
would eeem, are the most popular meanB employed by tbe gentle oard-sharoer In the pnretiance of bis profession. Various methods enable the cardsbarper to distinguish the different cards. One of the most oommoD is by Blight variation lo tbe pattern of tbe back ot tbe cards. Some of tbe variations are so light tbat it seems almost Impossible for any gambler, however keen bis eyesight, lo deteot tbem. Wbat Is called tbe bicycle card Is a favourite advantage oard. Tbe pattern represents tbe bicyclist riding along a road, while an owl sits Id tbe branob of a tree on one side of the way. Tbe limbs of the tree are bare, and tbe little twigs wbicb stlok out just below tbe owls peroh determine the valoe ot the oard. Tbev vary io number aud pnsltlon according to salt and value. Tbe difference is exceedingly small, and even if ynu do know the cards are crooked it Is difficult to dlsoover where tbe arookedness lies. Loaded dies fornlsb another mesas for swindling. Wben dice are skilfully loaded, and tbe advantage Is not too apparent, detection is impossible without catting them In two. In making tbem great skill is required. Tbe die Is drilled through to tbe centre over one oftbe black spots, a plug made of tbe same material as tbe die Is inserted, and tbe spot reblacked, TblB plug is a little shorter tban the hole drilled, and thus leaves a bellow space wblcn Influences ibe fall of tbe dice according to its position aod depth, bomellmes this bollow space ie tilled with a heavier material. Dice are made to throw high or low, or to favour
one particular number. Tbe proper size and position of tbe plugs are only learoed by long experience. Moat of tbe orders come from tbe Southern negro 'crap-ebooters.' Tbey are exceedingly particular about the dice tbey use, and require only a slight percentage in ttielr favour. If dice were too pronounced oo tbe Bide of (be shooter suspicion would at once be aroused. In a oafiltal article nn Senior Wrdnglern lo tbe Pali Mall Gazette we are told tbat tbe mathematical examination In the mother country, wblob results In tbeee wranglership?, is oue of tbe most famous io Europe. Tbe Tripos is 'one of tbe most severe tests nf iotelleot and judgment tbat exists. Underlie present conditions 11 presents, moreover, in tbe entirety of tbe examination scheme, tbe most effeotive instrument possible for
attracting and produolng tbe best mathematical ability lo tbe country. Tbere 1s tbe Tripos proper; tbe best men tn the Jlet enter a year later for tbe second part, wbiah deals with tbe vast range of abstruse thought tbat Is oontalned lo the highest branches, both ot pure and mixed mathematics. Over and above ibis there are tbe Smith's prizes (founded 1769) to be contended for— prizes wbloh inevitably bring out tbe power nf original thought in tbe competitors.' Yet our contemporary points out tbat ' the result of tbese farther teBte has shown tbat tbe Senior WraDgler has not always been tbe most brilliant mathematician of hiB year, but has attained bis position rather by virtue of vast knowledge of bookwork tban by tbe exerolse ot problem- working' and creative force. The case of Parkinson aud TbomsoD, in 1815, is certainly In point. A story of these two used to be told at Cambridge wbicb, if true, Ib good. A problem from a German mathematical paper was set in tbelr Tripos, and was only solved by Parkinson. On tbe matter being talked nver later, it turned out tbat Parkinson bad previously seen tbe problem In tbe German paper, and tbat It was an original ountrlbution by Thomson to tbe paper. Tbe latter, wben tbe Tripos came, bad forgotten bis own solution to hie own problem I' The Rev. Dr. Hawthorne, ot Atlaota, Georgia, Is outspoken In bis views oon cerning tbe kniokorbockered lady oo wheels. He thnodered from his pulpit as follows ' Sbe, tbe bioycle womau, says it was tbe love of exolling pleasure tbat tempted ber to take tbe falsestep. Sbe is mistaken. It was not the love of pleasure, but a personal devil. Satan entered into her, that be might degrade and get ber picture into tbeooiumnsof some sensational paper, and make ber the subject of obscene oomment In every club-house and gatheiiug of filthy sensationalists. Wbat next 7 Forty years ago we began with female stump speakers. Tbis bas been followed by women preaobers, women leoturers, women lawyers, women doctors, women legislators, women pugilists, and women bloyolists, and it may be aeked, what next 7 If something is not done to etop tbis satanlc contagion, the world will soon not be worth tbe saving V Mask Twain, at the start of his tour wbioh baB brought him to Australia, told an Interviewer at Winnipeg how be often felt a desire to 'out Ioobb' from civilisation, and to get away by himself where he could run and yell to bis heart's content. In tbls connection there is a story about tbe humourist and Canon Kingsley. Walking along tbe etreels one day Mark felt the Impulse to yell coming on him witb irresistible force, and said to Elngsiey, 11 1 want to yell ; I must yell. The Canon said, ' All right, yell away ; I don't mind.' 11 And with that, Mark, 'I stepped baok a few steps and, throwing my arms above my bead, let out a war-whoop tbat could be beard for miles, and Id lees time -tban you could oouot Canon KlDgbley and inyBelf were surrounded by a multitude of anxious citizens -wbo wented to know wbat was the matter. I told tbem notbing was tbe matter, I lust wanted to yell and bad yelled.' The Daily lelegraph describes the holiday of. two hospital norses. Tbey hired a cottage In the country, and an old woman lo attend on tbem. From the moment they entered tbe door until the time for departure came they were never eeen, and tbe villagers naturally ooncluded that tbere was eome mystery oonneoted with them. Some even thongbt of consulting tbe police on the subject. On tbelr way tiack to the railway etatlon tbey oalled on the vicar to give blm a trifle for bis charities, and explained theeecret. Tbey were hospital nurses, and bad epent tbelr whole time In bed. Accustomed to sleep In aoob snatches «b they could get, their notion of a holiday waa a period of ioog and undisturbed repose.