06 Mar 1897 - THE JACKSON TRAGEDY.
Maryborough Chronicle, Wide Bay and Burnett Advertiser (Qld. : 1860 - 1947), Saturday 6 March 1897, page 2
THE JACKSON TRAGEDY.
I By Telkgbaph.]
Brisbane. March 5.
At tbe inquiry into the murder and sn'cide at the Central Railway station, the little girl, Harriet Laura Jackson, gave evidence that she was present when the shooting took place. She also stated that her mother packed up her luggage at Maryborough early on Monday morning, and that a man named Wm. Mills, of Maryborough, assisted her mother to pack her things.
We were informed by a resident of Newtown yesterday that the man Jackson, who shot his wife and then himself on the Central Railway station in Brisbane on Tuesday evening last, arrived in Maryborough the previous night from Bundaberg, in search of his wife. On arrival Jaokson appears to have first communicated with the police, for the purpose of having a warrant issued for the arrest of his wife, who had cleared out With his daughter, but not being able to gain his objeot in this direction he prooeeded to Newtown with a companion to find his wife, Hq polled upon Mr. James Hutchinson, And, in a very excited state, asked to be direoted to the house ocoupied by Mrs. Jackson, giving as his reason for celling there, the discovery of a bill accidentally dropped by his wife
when at home m riund&berg, which shewed that she had been/ receiving ber groceries from the Walker street store in Maryborough. Jaokson was directed to a cottage in Pallas street, where it appears Mrs. Jackson with her daughter had resided for some time, probably since Christmas, but npon inquiry he found that his wife had only that morning left in the mail train for Brisbane. Having discovered so much, Jackson again sought the police, but they being powerless in the matter of arresting his wife on the grounds explained by him, he seems to have resolved npon taking the matter into his own hands, and despatched a telegram to the Brisbane, police under an assumed name. Jackson left by the mail train on Wednesday morning, and the tragedy that followed his arrival in Brisbane is now well known. Our Brisbane telegrams confirms the first portion of our paragraph.