20 Apr 1943 - LOSS OF PAY DURING SUSPENSION
Morning Bulletin (Rockhampton, Qld. : 1878 - 1965), Tuesday 20 April 1943, page 2
LOSS OF PAY DURING    
SUSPENSION
Fettler's Appeal Fails
The Railway Appeal Board, compris-ing Messrs W. Simpson, SM. chairman, T. S. W. Allen, departmental repre-sentative, and A. A. Maisey, employees' representative, completed its sittings at Rockhampton yesterday when it heard the appeal of John Alexander Rooney, fettler, Makowata, against loss of pay whilst under suspension on a charge of misconduct in threatening to strike Ganger F. Johnstone with a shovel on February 5 last. The ground of appeal was that he was not guilty.
Mr W. J. Merrill appeared for the Railway Department and Mr F. Camp-bell, ARU, for the appellant.
In outlining the case for the depart-ment Mr Merrill said that on February 5 Ganger Johnstone, No. 17 gang Makowata, suspended the appellant who is a fettler in his gang, for at-tempting to strike him with a shovel.
Frederick Jason Johnstone, in evi-dence, stated that he was the ganger of No. 17 gang, Makowata, and the appellant and Fettlers Streeter and Hancock were members of his gang. They were working at 276½ Miles on February 5: witness, appellant, and Hancock were working together lifting the road. They had lifted the road and were packing a sleeper. Witness told appellant to hurry up with the job as he wanted the road ready for 243 down train to pass. The appellant, said wit-ness, then started to abuse him and called him certain insulting names, at the same time raising a shovel over his head and threatening to strike witness with it. Witness moved quickly out of his way. Appellant did not com-plete the blow with the shovel, but had it over his head waiting for witness. Witness gave appellant no provocation to threaten him. Hancock was only a couple of feet away and could have seen and heard everything.
In reply to Mr Campbell, witness said that he had had an argument with the appellant previously on account of over-time incurred by appellant in attend-ing to the smash signal at Makowata, and admitted that he had been before
the Miriam Vale Court and convicted  
for assaulting a man named Ivan
Edwards.
APPELLANT'S VERSION
The appellant testified that he had been ín the railway service for 20 years. The day before the incident he had to attend to the smash signal. He reported the matter to the ganger next morning and they had an argument about it. The ganger accused witness of working under-handed and over-riding him. The ganger then told him that he was suspended. Witness refused to accept it unless it was put in writ-ing. 
In reply to Mr Merrill, witness admit-ted he and the ganger had an alterca-tion that day about overtime and smash signals, but he could not re-collect whether he used any insulting language towards the ganger as they were very heated at the time. He denied lifting his shovel to strike John-stone. He did not cease duty when suspended and worked until ceasing time on April 8, when he was instruct-ed by the inspector that he was under suspension. He was off duty for two days before being re-instated.
Mr Merrill: Did you think you were suspended for abusing the ganger?
Witness: I may have abused him. I do not recollect it. I may have called
him certain names.
Arnold James Hancock, in evidence, stated that he was a fettler in the Makowata gang. The appellant and Johnstone started an argument on February 5. They were packing sleepers together. He could see there was an argument: he was not very interested in it so kept packing the sleepers. He heard Johnstone instruct Rooney to go home.
The chairman: Surely you must have heard some words being used. What was
said?
Witness: I was working. I could not
hear for the noise of the shovel.  
According to the evidence you were   working side by side. Surely you must have heard something.-No, I did not
bear anything. I had my head down  
packing the sleeper. I was not looking  
at all.
Mr Merrill: Are you an observant
man?
Witness: I was working. You cannot work and observe everything.
The board, after consideration, de-cided to dismiss the appeal, Mr Maisey dissenting.
BARCALDINE : The Premier (Mr   Cooper) met a deputation from the Bar-caldine Hospitals Board. The board re-quested a loan of £500 for the purpcee of carrying out a new electric installa-tion at the hospital, the present wiring being condemned by the State Electric-ity Commission's inspector. The Prem-ier promised to look into the matter.
He was also asked to try to get the  
period of training of nurses at the hos-   pital reduced to four years from the   present five, as the board was finding   it hard to get girls, they preferring to go to larger hospitals where they could get through in three years. A case in Barcaldine was cited where one of the trainees got through her examinations in three years and had to remain on the staff for a further two rears before becoming entitled to her single certifi-cate. The Premier said he was sym-pathetic to the suggestion and would interview the Minister for Health and Home Affairs on the matter upon his return to Brisbane. Mr T. Coghlan, representing the Official Receiver, was present at an examination into the bankruptcy of Reginald Arthur Parnell in the Barcaldine Magistrate's Court. Mr T. W. Foran was Acting Magistrate. Parnell said he commenced business in partnership with his brother about the latter end of 1907. He first realised in December, 1941, that he was not in a position to meet his creditors, and he informed them accordingly; they were reasonable. He stated the business was in a sound position at the date of the closure, and he anticipated meeting the creditors, with the exception cf the em-ployees, from profits from the business. Reginald Cecil Parnell also gave evi-dence. The court was adjourned to a date to be fixed. At the monthly meet-ing of the Barcaldine Women's War Fund, appeals for funds from both the Australian Comforts Fund and the Red Cross Society were discussed, and it was decided to help both bodies, and to give the greater portion of ?"donations to the ACF for the first four months and then to the Red Cross for a similar period. It was then agreed that a don-ation of £50 be forwarded to the ACF »nd £15 to the Red Cross S-Kiety.
CLERMONT: The deputy chairman
¡ (Mr L. R. Grant! nresided at the
monthly meeting of the QATB (Cler-mont cpntret. It was decided that oui* representative on the executive commit-tee be requested to support the motion submitted by the Rockhampton centre regarding uniforms. The report of the superintendent was read showing the following cases attended to during the month: Centre 40 (severe ll, slight 29), accidents 13.. transports 174, total 227, miles travelled by car 1093. It was de-cided to write the General Secretary" asking h:m to make application for an Order-in-Council. that the QATB (Cler-mont centre» be given the power to charge all non-subscribers for services rendered by members of the Brigade. At the mmthly meeting of the Clermont branch of the Australian Comforts Fund the statement presented showed that re-ceipts fer the quarter totalled £300 0/11 and expenditure £202/12/2, leaving a credit balance of £97.8 9. The receipts tncluded £100.0,9 from the ACF sh-;p. £25/5'7 ihRlf proceeds from DMR dance» and £27/4/- donations. A levy of £17-'6/10 and donations of £110 were sent to headquarters. Canteen orders to the value of £32/17/11 were purchased. Thp ACF bag of pyjamaE. handkerchiefs, hussifs. washers and bags and a carton of books, magazines and playing cards were sert to headquarters. During the month Z2 parcels have been packed and sent.
THANGOOL: For some time past the Thangool branch of ACF realised they were too few in number to organise functions for the raising of funds. Rationing, and the coupon system also made the purchasing of smokes, mat
erial and wool impossible, and after a ctreful survey of the position, they re-luctantly derided ti disband. Since the inception of the branch in October, 1939. funds from all sources amounted to £281,6 5. Working expenses 7.cre £2'4 2. The men of the three service, received £236/13/10 in comforts, d?nsi.ions. Christmas hamp»rs and canteen orders. The balance. £42/9.5 was for-warded to ACF headquarters in settlemint of branch finance. Although 'hs branch has ceased to function, it does not m<>an that members will be Idle, for they still have the welfare of the fight-ing forces at heart. Silvios Maschioln, sçed 6 years, was the victim of a very painful accident. He was travelling oa a ton lorry which was driven by his father. The lad fell from the lorry, the tack wheel cf which passed' over his arm. The arm was badly crushed. The lsd wes conveyed to Biloela by Mr Trotmen, of the Labour and Industry* Department. Medical treatment was rendered He was Tater taken to the Mt Morgan hospital