29 Aug 1914 - PATRIOTIC AID.
Colonist (Maryborough, Qld. : 1884 - 1952), Saturday 29 August 1914, page 25
PATRIOTIC AID.
WOMEN'S PATRIOTIC MEETING.
j .VOLUNTEERS FOR NURSES.
A meeting- of Indies of the to.wn was jheld in the Town Rail on .Monday afternoon for the purpose of obtaining volunteers to form ambulance classes to serve
— r(a) outside Australia ; (b) in the Commonwealth ; and (c) locally. There .were over 100 ladies present, and a large .number volunteered their sen-ices, the greatest number being for local operations. His Worship the Mayor (Hon. A. Dunn) presided, and with him wero The Mayoress, the Superintendent of the (Anbulance .Brigade (Mr. F. E. Smith), i jand the secretary of the Women's Guild (Miss L. Fairlie). I His Worship expressed his pleasure at j peeing such a large number of ladies respond to the invitation to be present j that afternoon, as it indicated their willingness tp .take oh .tlio responsibilities of the work in connection with war. All | the doctors of the town had indicated , their willingness (o give instruction in jambutance work. .He had asked Mi. Smith to come to .the meeting to give , the -ladies some idea of the work that , had to he undertaken in going in for a 9oume of instruction of that kind. The purpose of the meeting was further to ( qnrol names of these willing to enter undpr .the various heads, after which a fleeting , of doctors would be called,.. who would make arrangements to conduct the tktyKep. r They anticipated that there Afopld be an enrolment that wqgld . yeoaaitate the dividing of the class up injp three, four or five classes,, and ouch ff , the doctors would be willing to do his slxa re of the work. The Technical j College had placed their appliances and lecture room at the disposal of . those pipes, although it was thought . better -r-it was <a matter that" would hav.e to be d«Jermined — that they resolve .them-elves into a Technical class, at .,a lominal fee of hay 2a 6d for a course of
' lenons, yauLAhen riog ;3apfUved ; . jwren oi- nine lecwiros the . students i -,'fould sitvfpr.jme up - jfe.-the standard - woutcT receive a cerii« :|cate from jthe Ht.-;"JAhnh Atnbujaa / i4 .that . a meeting such: as/ihatTprthe aamepuiposoVwas achat-: -.nedbadvfeea' ;trying .tp. get of- lyjaara, ;and ..it gjin«h.p«ig|k' only, / . an/. 1 iirt'erijiqjtipiial //ivar!- ! j/C©tilii'/i)rih;' it .about." He" hoped - hat all ihere would .parol. under the A. jB. and O. grades. in(h / Aggrade— persons willing' to ' j herye; abrofMthosie .ondprthpt /head, . .Jfhust -be .definite and ..desirous of doing | they. popld!. outside Australia. He'je. fded it Us' Hie most .imjrtanb, for .il. rp was .no need the A. section, it ewed-.as a natuinal consequence there . ; f$iiid 'hnid. 'C. As' th.ere wquld -be-tcp many , forgone class, . I his.idea was that.qne dontprbe/respon-. pible ior paph class- rono for A., one for I -P. > and one .-for C. Thejjr wbuld all like o do .something in the matter, but ' he could assure, /them that nurses were (wrn, n.Qt nLade, cpnseq\iently they would have .to, be careful in the seleotion , .oi' . those in A. grade. A nurse must have a good constitution to undertake a lot of diardshipsi She must - have vigilance.. -cheerfulness, kindliness, and all ..other . good .qualities whiph go to make a nurs,e. . They therefore .would, have to ! consider , very carefully if they possessed those, qualities for the A. branch, of ambulance Work. He - informed tliem that when they enrolled, it was just as binding on thpm 'gs in the military, andif they were palled en :tliey would have , to go. Ha rejoiced exceedingly, although. regretting the circumstances, that "the ladies of Maryborough were not going to bb bo-bind- other places in that respect'. .He jwas willing ,to do .all he could to- assist . the doctors jn- the matter. - Any charts bis had were at the disposal of .tho classes, and a meeting room .also, if necessary. His -Worship said he was exceedingly pleased, to see Mr." Smith throwing. him-Mlf;so heartily into the work. In .attending .to lectures 'by the dootors,- it .was fkiso necessary that they have individual instruction, and that Mr.. Smith was heartily willing to give. The successful j students would be largely indebted to iJiim. He then read ' extracts from the I Technical College catalogue, showing the course of instruction to be. given. Mf. Smith said that w ith regard t<i tho A. grade, he .would be pleased to ;tnke them to-the Hospital and put them through a course of nursing. The matron would be very pleased to ..do it, and fie I .had no doubt she .would . give them .a 1 series oi nursing lectures. The first-aid : work was really nothing, it was the ! .nursing they required. Tito "Army Medi-1 cal Corps attended to all the bandaging,, jetting, .etc.j and the nursing which followed formed a very important thing for fhose who went abroad. His "Worship said those who volunteered for the A. grade would have til apply themselves almost wholly to tha w.ork, as if any nurses had to. go ..abroad it would probably bo within the next two months.. Volunteers wcre then asked for, first for the A. section, then B. and 0., with jfairly- good response, the following combing forward: — I . Section (Overseas). — -Misses Madsen, Sedwell, F. Brennan, Nurses McCoom.be, jertleson, Misses M. Barbpler, Trixio McAllister, Ida Dunn, Emily L. Meyers, ' Annie E. Wearin, Isa M. Wylie, Alice Duncan, Fanny .Short, Elsie Rogers, Lillias Fairlie. - B. Section (Service in Australia).—. Misses Higgins, E. 1. Wearin, O. N. Rell, M. Hyde, L. Sliechy, M. I'McLellan, J. McLellan, May O'Gonman, jMarjorie Pryce, Stacey, Dorothy M. WHher, Marion Sfcripp, Entily Parkin-i;sou, -M. Keogh, E. Loose, W. Brennan, Hoinriclis, . Rose Jackson. . I C. Section (Locally). — Mesdiames Henriclis, Baynes, A. B. Garde, -E. J. Boult, C. F. Sheldon, J. Murray, E. A. Bryant, H. . J. Armitage, Misses -Evans, ; A- E. "Woarin, Tacey, G. Teviotdale, A. Koley, 1)1. Teviptdale, N. Neal, M. N©ftl, E B- Arthur, Muriel Corscr, pvelyn Mofeton, Alice Rillie, Jean Rillie, A. G. Hart, A. Kerr, F. Dunn, K. Daly, M,. ..Sophie Daly, L. M. Armitage, ,G. J. Morton, W. W. Moris an, S. Rooney, Easter Parkinson, Jean Mackenzie. Petford, ,Mima Morton, E. Shoahan, O. O' Leary, Hilda Butcher, L. O'Regan. Ferguson, E. E. MoWat-ters, M. I. Stafford, B. Adair, W. Dawson, Edna White, M. Watson, J. . Fairlie, E. M. Brett, Mesdames W. Mackay, T. .S.. Warry, Lily I. Mathie- . sion, F. E. W!alker. Total, 84. 1 In response to a question His Worship. ! jaid fibe list would be open for to enrol up io the time the classes started i for when the cIossbs .opm-menced, he .took it the.hste. would.clpse, s it wpuld be unfair for : those .starting to be hap'dipaj)Red with.n4'<:PPr»- , . After » ..little ..f urther diepussion thfl. meeting terminated.