08 Feb 1950 - SocialChat
Morning Bulletin (Rockhampton, Qld. : 1878 - 1965), Wednesday 8 February 1950, page 8
Social Chat by Kaye
Today the Senior Teachers' Training Col-
lege re-opens for 1950. Many of last year's seniors from the Rockhampton High School will be beginning their two years' course there this morning.
FOUR in all—Joyce Clanfield, Ailsa Moore, Daphne Mc-Camley and Neil Florence of this city—and Charles Marshall (Archer) and Glen Vieritz (Mt. Larcom) have journeyed from their homes. Other trainees, who live further afield and who commence their courses at the college today, include Joan Bo-vey (Nambour), Pam Breslin (Gladstone) and Mercia Jensen (Bowen). Another lass, Mar-garet Jolly, a student of the local High School, who is now living with her parents, Mr. and Mrs. A. D. Jolly, at Yer-onga, Brisbane, plans to enter the teaching profession.
Last year's senior class will be represented at the univers-ity, too, by Brian Booth (Bilo-ela), Neville Bendall and Bryce Hargreaves. Brian will study medical science and Bryce and his mother have recently left Rockhampton to make their home in the metropolis. Three ex-seniors will reside here, Brian Davies, who is indentur-ed to a Rockhampton chemist, will serve the required number of years prior to studying at the Pharmaceutical College in Brisbane for 12 months. Lyle
Smyth has just resigned from
the teaching service and is now working at the Deputy
Public Curator's office. Lyle
hopes to study Arts and Law. Audrey Myles, having declined a scholarship to the Teachers' Training College, is now in
search of suitable employment. *
THE marriage of Mrs. Jean Rudd and Mr. C. D. Kel-man was quietly celebrated at St. Andrew's Presbyterian Church at 6 o'clock last Sat-
urday afternoon. For the ceremony Mrs. Rudd wore a model gown of mush-room pink crepe. The slim-
fitting skirt featured deep hori-
zontal tucks, finishing in pleat-ed fulness at the back, forming the new fishtail effect. She added a Swiss straw cloche hat to tone, which was trimmed
with a cluster of French vel-vet roses and spotted veiling. The reception was held at the Leichhardt Hotel, where 23 intimate friends were received
by Dr. and Mrs. E. W. Hasker
and Dr. Ada Stewart.
Mr. and Mrs. Kelman will make their home in Sydney.
*
EXTENDED holiday in Mel-
bourne for talented lass, Moya Hayes, who journeyed over the week-end. The plans to return to Queensland in April, when she will play the role of Herda in "Duet For Two Hands" to be presented by the Rockhampton Little Theatre players at the Albert Hall, Brisbane, on April 15 and 17.
*
YWCA weekly bridge parties
resumed last Monday afternoon and there were 92 ladies present. Mrs. D. Hunt re-ceived the prize for the highest hidden number score, and the gifts for the middle hidden, lowest hidden and lucky num-ber went to Mrs. E. M. Harris, Mrs. J. Beacham and Mrs. E. Boreham respectively.
*
THE first of the whist drive
series staged by the New Settlers' League for 1950 was held at the Y.W.CA, rooms last Saturday night. The league would be happy to welcome new members at these weekly socials. The successful ladies and gentlemen who shared the honours at the party were Mesdames Sharp, Clark and Webb and Messrs W. Moffat, W. Clifforth and J. Carter.
*
MRS ALBERT BEAK, who
travelled to Brisbane yes-terday, will join her husband on the same flight to Sydney today. Pair will enjoy an ex-tended holiday in the South and during their stay in the Harbour City will make the
Carlton Hotel their headquart-ers. 
*
SPENDING a few days in
town are Mr. and Mrs. Luke Homer, of Box Vale, Builyan, who are at the Leich-
hardt Hotel.
Other guests at the Leich-hardt include Mrs. A. M. Gee of Mirani; Mr. R. M. Dillon, Clermont; and Messrs J. Bell,
J. B. Pilcher and W. L. Brett, who arrived from Brisbane. Departures were Mr. and Mrs. Dudley Easton, of Gordon Downs, who travelled to Bris-bane; Mr. and Mrs. J. Taylor and daughter Barbara to Wid-
bury, Eidsvold; Mr. and Mrs.
G. D. Sheardown to Cairns; Mr. and Mrs. Dale Brown re-turned to Clermont and Mr.
and Mrs. T. Salmond to Albro,
Clermont.
CONVALESCENCE greetings
to Mrs. H. V. Chapple, of
Penlington Street, who cam out of hospital last week-end.
Mrs. Chapple was unfortunate
enough to injure her knee when she tripped and fell in
the city recently.
*
FRIENDS of Mrs. J. Campbell gathered at the home of
Mrs. George Taylor at Keppel
Sands recently to express fare-
well messages on the occasion of her departure from the did-trict to make her home in Bris-
bane. As a token of the warm affection in which she was held
Mrs. Campbell was presented with a beautiful cameo fob brooch from these friends.
Mrs. Campbell was again feted when Mrs. J. Kirk enter-tained guests to afternoon tea. A competition featured on the entertainment programme and the winner, Mrs. J. Rankin, handed her gift to the guest
of honour. Among those present
on this occasion were Mes-
dames G. Taylor, J. Chisholm, J. Rankin, C. Dingwall, P.
Condon and M. McKean.
*
EXPECTED home this morn-ing after a short relaxing
holiday at Keppel Sands are Mr. and Mrs. Jimmy Jones and their family of two.
Mr. Mervyn Gorle, of Eton Street, is spending his vacation with Mr. and Mrs. G. F. Shearer at Dorrington Drive, Ashgrove, Brisbane. *
MR. DESMOND WILLIAMS.
for some years cross bearer at St. Paul's Cathedral, whose ordination in Brisbane
as deacon was reported in the
"Morning Bulletin" last De-cember, has now received par-ticulars of his results from the
Australian College of Theology,
centred In Sydney.
Mr. Williams has been award-ed the Hey Sharp prize, the highest distinction in its class in the continent. He also shares with another the John Forster prize for the best pass in Greek. Both these dis-tinctions were won in competi-tion with a considerable body of students in Church of Eng-land training colleges through-out Australia. A fellow stu-dent at St. Francis' College,
Brisbane, Mr. Arthur Fellows,
son of Canon Fellows, of Mt Morgan, passed with credit the first half of the Th.L. of the
same examining body.
AN ENGAGEMENT
The engagement is an nounced of Marcia Josephine second daughter of Mr R. Schleger, Waverton, Sydney, to Joseph Aloysius, younger son of the late Mr and Mrs J. P. Flanagan, Denison Street,,
Rockhampton. (Southern pap-
ers please copy).