13 Jan 1947 - Strikes To Paralyse Industry?
Morning Bulletin (Rockhampton, Qld. : 1878 - 1965), Monday 13 January 1947, page 4
Strikes To Paralyse Industry ?
SYDNEY, January 12.-Indus-trial paralysis is threatened hy a record number of disputes listed for decision by trade union ex-ecutives within the next seven days.
A national tie-up of shipping by waterside workers, a general transport stoppage, a 24-hour stoppage of all postal workers and
a strike at the State abattoirs are among the major threats.
The National .Council of Water-side Workers' Federation wiU meet in Sydney tomorrow to de-cide the policy of the union in re-spect of holidays with pay. The campaign council has already been authorised by mass meetings to call a general strike if necessary.
TRANSPORT STRTKE?
Sydney bus and tram employees, threr/m a 24-hour stoppage if their demands for a 40-hour week and penalty rates for week-end work are not granted.
The Australian Railways Union will have their claims ready for the Arbitration Court tomorrow and if the decision is not favour-able there is a possibility that the men will refuse to -work on Saturdays and Sundays.
The Commonwealth Council of the Amalgamated Engineering Union is considering direct action in New South Wales to enforce the union's claim for a wages rise! of £1 a week. Hemberg of the Victorian branch are already on
Btrike.
About 1000 men employed at the State Abattoirs will hold a
stop-work meeting tomorrow | morning to discuss the manage- ! mont's application to the Heat Industry Board of Reference to stand down employees during the j master butchers' dispute with the j
Price Fixing Branch.
Members of the Postal Workers'
Union will hold a meeting in the] basement of the Town Hall next] Sunday to consider a proposed 24
hour strike.
During the last six months there has been a strong agitation for increased rates of pay.
BUNDABERG, January 12.-Del. phine Schleger, 21, who was ad-mitted to hospital with diphtheria on the eve of her wedding on Thursday, has now practically re-covered, although sh« will remain in hospital until swabs show nega-
tive results.
Swabs taken of relatives and visitors who were staying at the Schleger home for the wedding gav« negative results.