19 Nov 1949 - Driven Away By Husband's Conduct
Morning Bulletin (Rockhampton, Qld. : 1878 - 1965), Saturday 19 November 1949, page 7
Driven Away By Husband's Conduct
"He seems to have been an absolute rotter," was Mr Jus-tice J. A. Sheeny's comment at the conclusion of the story told in the Supreme Court yesterday by Patricia Mar-guerite Vickery, of Nebo, of the conduct of her husband, Thomas Vickery, of Monto, to-wards her. She was seeking a divorce on the grounds of de-
sertion.
Mr A. Bradford (instructed by Messrs Rees R. and Syd-ney Jones, town agents for Messrs S. B. Wright and Wright, Mackay) appeared for the plaintiff. The action was
undefended.
The plaintiff in evidence said the marriage took place at Millmerran on August 21, 1943, according to the rites of the Roman Catholic Church. They lived at Millmerran, Bris-bane, Mackay and Marian and there was one child of the marriage.
Her husband, she said, was a gambler at cards and on horses. He neglected her al-most from the beginning, giv-ing her nothing for her own needs. After his release from the Civil Construction Corps he refused to work, but gambled and drank heavily. She left him, but returned when he promised to give up gambling. They lived happily for awhile and then he start-ed gambling again. Before the child was born he told her he did not want her any more. Later he came to Mackay where she was in hospital and
again promised to mend his ways. They lived at Mackay and Monto. At the latter place she had to take a job to pay the board and when he left she followed him to Mackay.
Soon afterwards he won £700 and she asked him to give her a home. Next week he lost the lot and put himself £150 in debt. She was angry and left
him.
Continuing, witness said they did not communicate with each other for a year. Early in January, 1946, she return-ed to Mackay and he again asked her to go back to him. They had a house at Marian and things were all. right for three weeks. Then he started gambling and drinking again. This went on until April when he told her one day that he would treat her in such a way that he would force her to leave. She packed up and left. She was unable to stand his conduct any longer.
His Honour granted an or-der nisi returnable after three months, with costs against the defendant.
DESERTION
Jacqueline Josefski, of Rockhampton, sought dissolu-tion of her marriage with Lawrence Aubery Josefski, of Imbil, Queensland, on the
grounds of desertion. The ac-ion was undefended.
Mr E. R. Larcombe (instruct-ed by the firm of D. P. Carey, town agents for Mr G. Fine-more, Bundaberg), appeared for the plaintiff.
Evidence was given by the plaintiff that she and the de-fendant were married at Bun-daberg on November 20, 1943. according to the rites of the Lutheran Church. They lived at Colosseum, near Gladstone, and at Bundaberg. There was one child of the mariage.
At the time of the marriage, said the plaintiff, her husband was serving with the AMF. He saw her on leave and their
married life was happy until
December, 1945, when he told her he preferred his girl friend in Brisbane to her. She said she made him promise to give up this girl and he returned to camp. Correspondence took place between them. The de-fendant was discharged in March, 1946, but he did not come to see her. He came to Bundaberg in June, 1946, and they lived together for six days. When he left he prom-ised to make a home for her. Later he wrote accusing her of opening his mail. She had found and read a letter he had written to the girl in Brisbane. The defendant came to Bun-daberg where witness was working in a cafe, in January, 1947, but failed to keep an ap-pointment with her to discuss their marriage. She took pro-ceedings against him for main-tenance and he consented to an order being made.
His honour granted an order nisi returnable after three months and gave the plaintiff custody of the child, with costs against the defendant.