13 Sep 1938 - P.A.F.S.O.A.
Maryborough Chronicle, Wide Bay and Burnett Advertiser (Qld. : 1860 - 1947), Tuesday 13 September 1938, page 8
P.A.F.S.0A
OPENING OF JUVENILE LODGE EXCELSIOR'S PRIDE NO. 31
On Saturday afternoon last, the Loyal Orange Hall. Alice-street, was the scene of a large crowd of children, their parents, and friends, when thw opening of thc first Juvenile Protectant Alliance Lodge in Maryborough look place. There were about 200 present. including adult membcrv from thc local lodges, and visiting members
from Howard, Torbanlea and Tiaro | lodges. i Tlie Wor. Grand Master. 'Bro. *W. Dawson, had come specially from Rockhampton officially to open ths» lodge. The ceremony took place at 2.30. Among those present were Bro. T. H. French. -P.G.M., Bro. E. Todd, D.M. ^Superintendent of Howard Juvenile Lodge) and Mrs. Todd. Bro. Wilson (Superintendent Juvenile Torbanlea Lodge). Mrs. List (Superintendent Tiaro Juvenile Lodge). Bro. Burgess, P. D.M. and Mrs. Burgess, and Bro. Rierton (Howard). Tlie lodge was opened by the Wor. Mistress of the Howard Juvenile Lodge. Sis. B, Cotfcrcll, and her officers, at 2.30 p.m. OBLIGATION CEREMONY Wor. Bro. W. Dawson, before 'n-commcnced thc ceremony of obligating the members, said it was a pleasure to be at thc opening of a juvenile lodge in Maryborough, and he considered it an honour that he had been sent by thc Grand Executive officially to open II. Bro. E, Todd. Superintendent of the Howard Juvenile Lodc^e. called upon Bro. Dawson to obligate thc members. The secretary of the Excelsior Lodge, Sis. M. Bell, read out the names of Iho mem'tors belonging to thc Juvrmlo Lodge, comprising B0 juvenile members, who were then obligated into lhe Juvenile Lodge in a very impressive way. Bro. Dawson, on completion of the obligation ceremony, said he considered it an honour officially to open Excelsior's Pride No. 51 Lodge, that he had been called upon by thc Grand Executive of Queensland to confer the charter, and officially to open the Juvenile Lodge in Maryborough. H«2 was plad that thc Maryborough member? had made the excellent move of forming a juvenile lodge jn this town, bocause. in time to come, the younger generation would have to carry on tlw work of thc lodge, which was now being done so well by the present I members. It gave him much pteasuvc 'to prewnt cach juvenile member with a bad?e of thc society as a personal present Irom himself, and he asked them to wear the badge always, to feel proud to belong to such a noble society, whose principles were founded on the open Bible, proud to be a member of it. and always to be brave enough to stand up for those principles. The mistress of ceremonies. Sis. Warren, assisted by the deacons. Sisters Houston and Lewis, then escorted Wor. B^o. Dawson into the lodge room. Bro. Dawson. In installing tto officers of the first Juvenile Lodge in Maryborough, said he trusted the officers would consider it an honour conferred upon Ihcm that they h.iJ been chosen to be the first officers. Ho trusted they would try to further ihs interest* of the lodge and the society j generally, to look upon it as their dutv : that thev attended regularly, to pe- I form always their duties with interest I and to try lo make the juvenile lodge | a power of good to the district and : to the society generally. 1 I installation of officers The following officers were then in- 1 stalled into their positions for thc er.- | j suing term: — ! Superintendent. Bro. C. E. Kapper; J j'Deputy Superintendent, Sis. N. E. ; 1 Kmne: Wor. Mistress, Norma Cecfl; Deputy Master. Leslie Hurford; secretary. Joan Kilpatrick; treasurer. Dallas Kahler: Chaplain. Leslie Cecil; Sr Eldei. Edmond Payne; Jr. Elder. Oswald Kapper; Inner Guard, Gilbert Johnstone; Outer Guard. HusseU Mc* Dowel!: Regalia Bearer. Arnold George. |R.O. Bearer. Arril . Burmeister; Pianj iste. Norma Dow. j I The Wor. Mistress thanked the in- ; stalling officers, and said she and her1 1 officers would do all they could to ' carry out their work well. She thanked I the .Howard Juvenile .Lodge, TorbanI lea Juvenile Lodge, and Tiaro Juven[ iJe Lodge members for coming in for, I the afternooPv and trusted they haa 'tii]o^ed watchiag tlit ceremony. She
took the opportunity of thanking the assisting installing officers, and the director of ceremonies, Sis, Rutherford* for thc impressive manner in which she had carried out her duties in asisting the Wor. Grand Master in the installation ceremony. SUCCESS AND PROSPERITY A congratulatory telegram was received from thc Rockhampton Juvenile Lodge, wishing thc new lodge success and prosperity, and a letter ot congratulation was received from Miss M. List, Tiaro. Bro. Wilson ilorbanlca). Bro. Bierton (Howard), and Mrs. List (Tiaro) responded on behalf of their respective lodges, and all wished thc new lodge success and prosperity. Bro. E. Todd. Superintendent Howard Juvenile Lodge, thanked the Excelsior Lodge for giving his Lodge the honour of assisting to open the new lodge, which he trusted would prove a big success. He scid he had much experience in juvenile lodge work, and he would gladly give any assistance he could to the new lodge. Bru. C. E. Kapper, superintendent, thanked the various speakers for their kind remarks, and said that he considered he had a good set of officers, and he was sure they would assist him in every way they could to make th2 juvenile lodge a big success. Bro. Dawson said that he would leave a donation of 5'- as a prize to ?be given in a competition which he would leave lo the discretion of thc committee, to decide. He suggested for the competition lhat a prize be given to tlie member who could bring in the greatest number of juvenile ?members for thc next six months. It was decided that the next meeting be £icld in the Loyal Orange Hall, on Saturday. October 8. commencing at 2.30 p.m.. and to ask all Protcsiant children who have not already en- 1 rolled, to join. The meetings will be held . monthly in the Loyal Orange Hall. Alice-street. At the conclusion of the meeting the entertainment committee -p( Excelsior Lodge served aCternoon tea. which was much enjoyed The committee was cordially congratulated on the excel*; lent manner in which its members ast thfc lodge at social function.