28 Jan 1948 - "FREE & EASY"
Bundaberg News-Mail (Qld. : 1942 - 1961), Wednesday 28 January 1948, page 4
, “FREE & EASY”
Revue Pleases
Large Audience
I The main purpose of the musical revue, “Free and Easy" at the Wintergarden Theatre last
—to old the funds for Sister Walsh —was achieved, as there was a very, good attendance.
The producer, Mr. Johnny Warner, aimed high in the programme presented as there was no lack of variety and in some instances the scenes were highly spectacular. Those responsible for the preparation of the costumes, of. Which Mrs. Warner was. the head, assisted by Mrs. K. Dowde and Miss I. McCormick, are to be complimented on their achievements. r apparently • «n had devo'.ed a
of time to
lot of time to the preparation, ol
the entertainment; the wide range oi Items no doubt meant a deal
UI ILtTlIAS J1U UUUUb nn-uil" »•
of rehearsal and it is pleasing to those concerned to realise their worthy efforts met with such a fine response by the public. As all the:performers were amateurs, it was not an easy matter to stage a revuo of the ■ nature of last nlght’o performance. Staging and lighting left little to be desired • We staging*at .times evoked hearty applause, the instrumental Hems were first class, and the contributions by ballet were nicely presented with appropriate costuming and light effects. Humourous sketches Were numerous and pithy. Johnny Warner, himself and Don Neal Were mainly responsible lor the fun' assisted by Lew Williams.
VOCAL ITEMS
Tiie programme is too long to detail >in sequence of items out
ucuiu sequence *»■»'***- _—
among the women vocalists*. Jac
queline Josef ski in her classical contributions reached a high standard In articulation and vocalism. Miss Lorraine Hughes, a young singer, also was heard to advantage , in “Estralita" and “Pipes of Pan" as well as anolner choice, number in the second half. Miss. Jpyce Killer, the possessor of a very sweet voice, rendered several solos. Miss Dorothy
unntr “Anril Showers ' ULloU £e*r Cllii bviuo, , 1
Cruickshank sang "April Showers In ifte scena of "Till The Clouds Roll By." She also ably rendered “If I Had My Life To Live Over Again" for which she encored to respond with another popular number In 'which she did some spotting amohg the audience with
a mirror.. - •
A spirited “Boogie" number greatly pleased as contributed by Mafalda Maria. , , ,
Colin Stibc infused plenty of volume Into his solos. “Come Sing To Me" and an encore'item. He later shared the honours with Miss Killer In the waltz retrain "Sweet
hearts." , •
Mr. Q. Arubla, revealed a well trained and powerful voice in his singing of "Dannv Boy" and for an encore "When You and I Were Young One £)ay.”
INSTRUMENTALISTS
Miss Elaine Parry with her piano accordion was. populnriy reclaimed' in several contrlbu
li_1 AnrnP rPlim11 lCCiaunua m ocvciul
Lions, and' Mr. Garnet Turnball revealed artistry' in his pianoforte iolo “Memories.of Warsaw" and a
second item.
The performance concluded with in. Hawaiian finale by the com
pany, In which the haunting meiDdy “iola of the Southern Seas,
i composition by'two local residents, Mesdames Joyce and Pedersen, was inljroduced and greatly
"nThe orchestra conducted by Mrs.
&; Samson, included Mesdames Connor, Nugus, Miss McGladdery. Messrs. JR. Whrd, F. LaaclV., E. Kent and Miss Lily Warner as
.The ballet comprised Misses D. Cruickshank (ballet mistress), N. Brady, Marv Warner. I. McCormick. I. Bell. E. Pollock, S. Kill, j.- Coonan, F. Williamson: bo vs. N. Fraser, L. * Williams■; B. Redgard, Ri Foster. R.
Hanlan, K. Jacobsen, D. Neil, Nv
ClMr.e K. Dowde, as stage man
ager assisted bv Mr. J. Greenwood (nropertyman) did good ser
vin'* behind the scenes.
The Nite. Lites’ Orchestra, conducted bv Mr. A. Coulsen started the programme on its merry way bv con'ributlng several items so
popular in musical circles oi