BEYOND

TRT

PREGNENOLONE, DHEA, THYROID,
ESTROGEN, HCG & FERTILITY

“Dave is the man I always strived to be before I even
met him. He embodies so many good qualities that I
value. But one of the key ones that led me to
working with him was his transparency. He is so
direct and honest in everything he does and that
made me trust him with my health. I'm feeling so
much better since working with Dave. I'll be a
lifetime client with him that's for sure.”
— Blake F

D AV E L E E

FOREWORD
A year ago, to the day, I wrote TRT 101.
The goal was to simply get my ideas down on paper.
To create a simple, referenceable guide where men all over the world
could follow a template to understand a simpliﬁed, actionable approach to
what I consider “best practice” testosterone replacement therapy.
In the year since, the book has been incredibly well received, and the
reception well exceeded any expectations I had. This sequel, “Beyond TRT”
which was promised in the pages of the ﬁrst book, has been heavily
requested and has been a pleasure to put together.
There are so many peripheral concepts that play an integral role in both
the application and outcomes of testosterone replacement therapy.
This is a roadmap designed to guide you with all the actionable tools and
information you will ever need to make the right start with TRT.
Believe me, I get it.
I was there once too.
And I have spent the recent years not just researching and discussing
these topics with some of the best in the world, but also listening to and
treating thousands of clients in not just TRT, but these peripheral or
“troubleshooting” topics to get the best outcome for them.
By the time you ﬁnish this book, you will have the foundational knowledge
equipped to deal with everything that goes beyond TRT.
I will cover the other hormones that can be deﬁcient such as
Pregnenolone, DHEA and Thyroid, as well as teach you how to avoid the
pitfalls around fertility, HCG and estrogen.
Let’s get started.

CONTENTS:

CHAPTER I
INTRODUCTION - WHY CAN’T IT BE AS SIMPLE AS 1, 2, 3?
CHAPTER II
HCG
CHAPTER III
AROMATASE INHIBITORS
CHAPTER IV
PREGNENOLONE
CHAPTER V
DHEA
CHAPTER VI
FERTILITY
CHAPTER VII
THYROID
CHAPTER VIII
CONCLUSION

CHAPTER I
INTRODUCTION - WHY
CAN’T IT BE AS SIMPLE AS
1, 2, 3?

Here’s the sales pitch many guys get from their clinic, or under-trained MD,
that gets them oﬀ on the wrong foot.
1 Take this testosterone
2 Get your blood work and we’ll adjust the dose to get it right
3 You’ll be dialled in, and that’s all there is to it.
This SOUNDS fantastic.
If only it were that simple.
Unfortunately, many patients and practitioners alike believe one, simple
fallacy: all of a man’s problems can be solved with testosterone.
Tired, lethargic, depressed, anxious?
Up the dose.
Bloated, emotional, over stimulated or not sleeping?
Drop the dose.
Rinse, repeat.
“All of the solutions to your problems can be solved by simply tweaking
the administration and dose of testosterone.”
The human body simply is not that simple. Just like how all the issues with
your car can’t be ﬁxed by tweaking or upgrading the engine.
There’s a very simple saying I have when it comes to everything beyond
TRT - where there’s smoke, there’s ﬁre. And while a good handful of men
simply just need to ﬁx their testosterone levels and everything works as
promised, there are just as many men who need attention elsewhere, and
these deﬁcient areas can be complex, interconnected and multifactorial.

5

Contrary to this reductionist and overly simpliﬁed approach, testosterone
is not the sole driving factor of a man’s physical and mental health. It is a
major component and has far reaching acute and chronic beneﬁts, but if
there is a deﬁciency elsewhere (or a “loose part”, returning to the car
analogy), no amount of testosterone is going to ﬁx it.
In fact, throwing MORE testosterone at the equation might make it worse.
It can often be a hard pill to swallow for men who have started TRT to
realise that interventional endocrinology is more complex than they were
sold to begin with, and it is even more daunting to realise how much
conﬂicting information (or lack there-of) there is surrounding these topics
of health.
But this is the reality of the situation.
Here are some key areas to begin wrap your head around before we go on:
1 If you have a testosterone deﬁciency, you may have other hormonal
deﬁciencies too. Testosterone deﬁciency can occur in isolation in some, while
hormone deﬁciencies may occur together in others.
2 If the root cause of hypogonadism is secondary (i.e. not related to failure
of the testes known as primary hypogonadism), the root cause of this
dysfunction must be identiﬁed and either resolved or supported for TRT
to work properly.
For example, if secondary hypogonadism is caused by obesity, simply
tripling the testosterone levels will not automatically resolve the obesity,
and there are likely other health consequences (including, but not limited
to hormonal issues) still at play.
3 Not everyone responds in the same way to TRT, and while there are
averages and trends, there is a large deviation away from the norm
both in responses to doses, but also outcomes. Your timeline,
symptomatic improvement and overall outcomes may have less in common
with the status quo than you would assume.

6

4 Our biochemical individuality, the combination of our diﬀerent genetics
and years of living with diﬀerent inputs and outputs as human beings,
mean that comparing two men on TRT’s journey is like comparing
apples and oranges. They’re both fruit, but they’re just as diﬀerent as they
are similar.
For example, troubleshooting online by comparing your blood work,
symptoms and progress to others may create more confusion than clarity.
This often leads to frustration and confusion in patients, and re-enforces
the need to work with a practitioner who understands the content laid out
in the book, so that you don’t have to do all the heavy lifting yourself.
If you’re beginning TRT or are on the fence and are getting ready to pull the
trigger - this is not a forewarning to scare you oﬀ.
However, it is forewarning to understand that hormone replacement therapy is
something that requires proper medical supervision by an informed and
competent provider, with whom you can have a conversation about the topics
in this book, as well as the topics covered in TRT 101.

? 1.1 WHY ME?!
“My buddy started taking TRT and after 12 weeks he felt like Superman. How
come it’s not that simple for me?”
When troubleshooting TRT, this is one of the most common queries I have
observed.
And the answer is very simple.

!

Testosterone replacement therapy will not solve any problem that was
not caused by low testosterone.
And believe me, not everyone’s problems are caused solely by low testosterone,
it’s just a piece of the puzzle.

7

As you delve deeper into the chapters of this book and into each
individual category, I’ll be unpacking the root causes of why an individual
may have a problem, and you’ll notice a trend.
Many of these issues are caused by diet and lifestyle.
And while there may be interventions that can be made in regards to
altering your HRT protocol, these catalysts may only be part of the
solution.
Just like if we ﬁx or upgrade your car, you still have to learn to be a
better driver.
And nothing damages the human body like driving it badly over time.

8

CHAPTER II
HCG

2.1 INTRODUCTION
HCG is a controversial and diﬃcult medication to work with when it
comes to TRT.
Despite what may be written online, beyond the applications for fertility
(outside of TRT) the eﬀects of HCG on men are not well studied, and not well
understood.
Although HCG has been studied in high doses for long periods (studies of
up to 1500IU 3x weekly for 10 years have been conducted) the outcomes
beyond direct fertility parameters were not assessed.
In reality, when it comes to how HCG is typically prescribed with TRT, we
don’t know as much as we think we do when it comes to what this is doing
systemically in the long term.
What complicates this further is that HCG is an easy upsell to make on
top of TRT, and along with AIs (they’re up next) they are the most
“upsold” ancillary with a TRT prescription.
I liken the HCG and AI combo to the “would you like fries and a coke with
that” at McDonalds.
Quick fun fact: The majority of McDonald’s proﬁt margin is in the fries and
drink, not on the burger itself. While TRT is proﬁtable for clinics to prescribe, it
is much more proﬁtable, for example, to have 100 men on 3 medications, than
300 men on 1 medication, as the latter involves 3x the amount of patient
management. Just like all advertisements and marketing content, always take
the advice of someone who is selling you something with a grain of salt.
Note: Not all doctors run clinics, and not all clinics make proﬁts from
medications. It’s important to understand the integrity of your provider’s
advice, and the best way to get an insight into this is to understand this
business model.

10

HCG is often touted as a Luteinizing Hormone Mimetic i.e. it mimics the
eﬀect of a hormone known as “luteinizing hormone” (LH) on the luteinizing
hormone receptor and accordingly, we can simply replace the body’s
luteinizing hormone with HCG while on TRT to keep this system “intact”.
This sounds great on paper, but is a misunderstanding and
oversimpliﬁcation of HCG, and these nuances may explain the high
incidences of side eﬀects in practice.
Background: When a man goes on testosterone replacement therapy or uses
any form of exogenous (external) androgens, his body will sense this and
reduce production of his own endogenous (internal) androgens. This is
something called a “negative feedback loop”. Similarly, if you have a glass of
water, the body will sense when the glass is empty and pour more water, and
sense when the glass is full and pour less. This is how the body maintains
“homeostasis” which is a system of balance, and functions like a thermostat to
keep things regulated. When the androgen receptors are stimulated by
external testosterone, the body stops pouring the water into the glass as it
knows the glass is full, even if it isn’t ﬁlling up the glass itself. This reduces the
signal from the pituitary gland to the testicles. As a result, Luteinizing Hormone
and Follicle Stimulating hormone are “shut down” to zero. This causes the
testicles to become dormant and non-responsive, as the body has replaced its
internal testosterone production with an external testosterone source. Thus,
testosterone replacement therapy.
The primary issue here, is the term "luteinising hormone mimetic” and
how this is applied.
The term mimetic is deﬁned on dictionary.com as: “characterised by,
exhibiting, or of the nature of imitation or mimicry”.
By this deﬁnition, HCG is not a luteinising hormone mimetic.
This, in my opinion, based on my research and observations, is why HCG is a
“curveball”.

11

In the body, we have receptors that can be activated by multiple targets.
For example, anabolic steroids will all bind with the androgen receptor,
but they exert diﬀerent eﬀects from compound to compound, which is
what makes them diﬀerent.
DHEA binds to both the androgen and oestrogen receptors to exert its
eﬀects, but it does not exert the same eﬀect as testosterone, or any of the
bioidentical oestrogens.
LSD does not produce the same eﬀects as serotonin when it binds to the
serotonin receptor (trust me on that one).
These are just a small handful of examples to illustrate the simple
point: not all agonists exert the same eﬀects on the receptors to which
they bind.
This is a fairly well understood concept in human biology, but in TRT the
diﬀerence between luteinizing hormone and HCG is lost, as it is
determined that they both activate the same receptor, and that’s that.
However, this leaves two key questions unanswered:
1 Why does HCG cause side eﬀects in men that were not caused by their
own bioidentical luteinizing hormone? Why is it that some men do not
tolerate HCG if it simply “mimics” a bioidentical hormone?
2 Why would a pregnant female produce HCG during pregnancy if it has
the same eﬀect as luteinising hormone? Why wouldn’t she just make
more of that?
Let’s backtrack a little…

12

? What is HCG?
HCG, Human chorionic gonadotropin is a hormone produced by women
when they fall pregnant, and is a hormone that is critical for many of the
physiological outcomes of the ﬁrst trimester.
It is a hormone that doubles every 2-2.5 days in a healthy pregnancy, and
is the hormone that a woman is testing for when she urinates on a
pregnancy test. If it’s detected - she’s pregnant.
HCG stimulates the luteinising hormone receptors in both men and
women.
In fact, luteinising hormone receptors are fully known as luteinising
hormones/HCG receptors, due to the critical role HCG plays on these
receptors during pregnancy.
Men do produce HCG, but only minute and fractional amounts, leagues
below the amount that we are using for TRT.
HCG has been fairly well studied in men for fertility, as high doses (often
1500IU up to 5000IU given in 3 doses per week) will stimulate both a
man’s LH and FSH receptors, increasing sperm production and can be an
intervention to increase a man’s fertility to the point where he can viably
conceive.

? So, what does this have to do with TRT?
Because HCG can activate LH receptors, and to a lesser degree, the FSH
receptors, it can be used to “replace” the luteinizing hormone that is
shut down due to the presence of external androgens, and thus keep
this cascade and testicular hormone production functioning.
This all sounds great. There’s just one small problem.
There is a decent subset of men on TRT who simply do not tolerate HCG.

13

2.2 HCG MYTH BUSTING
MYTH #: “All men need HCG when on TRT.”
On paper, it can absolutely be argued that mechanistically, HCG could
be beneﬁcial for all men on TRT.
However, in reality, not enough is known about HCG to ascertain whether
it is more or less optimal for a man to be on TRT long term.
In my experience, around a third of men feel great when adding HCG to
TRT. A third feel nothing at all (outside of larger testicles) and a third get
intolerable, debilitating side eﬀects from it.
For this third, it doesn’t matter what mechanistic and hypothetical beneﬁts
HCG carries, if it makes them feel awful and TRT makes them feel great,
it’s common sense.
They’re better oﬀ without it.
MYTH #: “TRT without HCG will destroy a man’s testicles.”
While the testicles are stimulated in utero, from birth until the beginning
of puberty, the testicles do not receive any signal from luteinizing
hormone or follicle stimulating hormone. It is the beginning of this
signaling, amongst other things, when a child becomes of age, that begins
the process of puberty.
Based on this logic, it be an assumptive leap that TRT administered without
HCG will cause the testicles to undergo “irreversible and irreparable
damage”, a myth that is pervasively touted by many TRT clinics that sell
HCG based on the most eﬀective marketing tactic known to man.
Create fear around a problem you didn’t know you had, and then sell
the solution.

14

TRT in the absence of HCG will cause the testicles to become around 30%
smaller or lighter than prior to TRT, and this will vary based on the
individual. It is simply not known whether the testicles will become more
or less responsive to HCG or other LH receptor agonists without
prolonged lack of a signal.
However, one thing is for certain, is that a small period of utilising testosterone
monotherapy will not “destroy” your testicles. This is a baseless claim. See my
recommendations at the end of this chapter for how to navigate this
predicament.
MYTH #: “HCG increases levels and/or prevents shut down of
“upstream” hormones Pregnenolone and DHEA.”
This is another extremely pervasive myth that does not have the evidence
in literature, nor the outcomes in practice, to back it up. This is a phrase
that is often parroted by patients, doctors and clinics alike, and stems back
to a hypothesis made by the late Dr John Crisler (RIP) not long before he
passed.
Unfortunately, this hypothesis has been deemed fact by many
enthusiasts in the ﬁeld, and while pregnenolone and DHEA will be
discussed at length in later chapters, there is an integral point to
understand here:

CHOLESTEROL
CYP11A1
StAR

Pregnenolone
3ßHSD

Progesterone

CYP17A1

CYP17A1

17OH Pregnenolone

CYP11B1
CYP11B2

Corticosterone
CYP11B2

Aldosterone

DHEA-S

Progestagens (21 Carbons)
Mineralcorticoids (21 Carbons)

17ßHSD

3ßHSD

Glucocorticoids (21 Carbons)

Androstenediol

17OH Progesterone

Androgens (19 Carbons)

3ßHSD

CYP21A2

Deoxycorticosterone

3ßHSD

DHEA

Estrogens (18 Carbons)

CYP21A2

11-Deoxycortisol

3ßHSD

Androstedione

CYP11B1

Cortisol

Aromatase

Estrone

17ßHSD

17ßHSD

Testosterone

5αR

Dihydrotestosterone

Aromatase

Estriadiol

This diagram shows the “steroidogenic hormone cascade”. It can be seen that all hormones begin with the conversion
of cholesterol to pregnenolone, and then are created via a series of enzymatic processes from one another.

15

However, this has been interpreted far too literally.
While this diagram illustrates the pathways, it should not be interpreted as
a literal river, or as water pipes with hormones “ﬂowing down a stream”.
The human body simply does not work like this, and this drastic
oversimpliﬁcation has created an enormous amount of confusion on
the topic.
Although LH/HCG is one of the signaling molecules to produce the enzyme
CYP11A1 that converts cholesterol to pregnenolone, it is not the only
signal.
These hormones are not only made in the testicles, they are also made in
the adrenal glands. In fact, DHEA is primarily made in the adrenal glands,
while pregnenolone is also produced in the adrenals and brain, and these
pathways are not impacted by luteinizing hormone.
If they were, we would see DHEA and Pregnenolone levels fall to zero
(or close to) in patients on testosterone monotherapy, and in practice,
this simply is not the case.
In practice, as someone who has monitored thousands of blood tests for
testosterone, testosterone + HCG, as well as pregnenolone and DHEA
deﬁciency, I have never seen HCG restore deﬁcient levels of DHEA or
pregnenolone.
In fact, it often doesn’t move it much at all.
While men on TRT may become (or are already) deﬁcient in DHEA and
Pregnenolone (discussed in later chapters), the use of HCG does not
impact this outcome to a signiﬁcant degree.
This does not mean HCG does not have beneﬁts, as it does impact
intratesticular hormone production, but this pathway is not one of the
beneﬁcial or relevant roles of HCG.

16

MYTH #: “HCG prevents TRT causing infertility.”
Fertility and TRT is yet another extremely controversial and sensitive issue.
And rightly so.
However, many men are sold the concept of HCG as an insurance policy
to prevent, or even a bulletproof vest to protect against infertility, and
this is far from the truth.
It is worth deﬁning from the get-go, that TRT does not cause infertility
in all men. If it did, testosterone would be an extremely popular and
widely used contraceptive.
It’s not.
Quick side joke: What do you call the body-builder who thought his steroid
cycle would act as birth control? Dad.
However, if TRT was to hypothetically cause infertility in all men…
(Again, it doesn’t. I get into this in more depth later)
HCG is not an eﬀective prophylaxis (preventative) against this.
This is for a number of reasons, but as we identiﬁed previously, HCG is
primarily a luteinizing hormone receptor agonist, NOT a follicle stimulating
hormone receptor agonist.
HCG will maximally stimulate intratesticular testosterone production at
around a dose of 250IU-500IU per shot, depending on the study.
However, for fertility purposes, HCG is often used at signiﬁcantly higher
doses: 1500-5000IU per shot. In THESE doses, it eﬀectively, to a degree,
stimulates the follicle stimulating hormone receptor.

17

But in the doses that are well tolerated for an adjunct to TRT
(500-1500IU per week in divided doses, typically) it may do this a little,
but if it does, it’s not much.
This is why time and time again, clients end up in my oﬃce, and in many
practitioners' oﬃces, who are infertile while on the TRT + HCG protocol
that they were sold as a prophylaxis for this very problem.
In reality, HCG in high doses is a moderately eﬀective fertility agent in
men. However, these doses, in addition to TRT, are not well tolerated or
advised in the long term.
While the doses of HCG that are typically used with TRT do a great job in
stimulating the testicles and keeping them full and active, it works
marginally, at best to prevent infertility.
In practice, TRT does NOT make all men infertile, but it does absolutely
compromise the fertility of some.
If your fertility is compromised on TRT via a sperm test, a maintenance dose of
HCG will yield little eﬀect on your 3-6 month follow up sperm count.

18

2.3 HCG VERDICT
HCG is a curve ball for patients and practitioners alike. However, as
discussed and identiﬁed, it is far from a “must-have” addition for all TRT
patients.
As outlined in TRT 101, I recommend not beginning your TRT with HCG, as
there is a signiﬁcant chance that you will not respond to it favourably. It
can be diﬃcult to identify this if you do, as you can have one thing making
you feel better and one thing making you feel worse, and it’s hard to
identify the best course of action when you experience side eﬀects.
Instead, I recommend that if you, or your practitioner want you to trial
HCG, it is done after testosterone levels have been adjusted, and
hypogonadal symptoms have begun to improve. For most, this will be
within the ﬁrst 6-12 months of therapy.
If stopping testicular stimulation for 6-12 months will destroy your testicles,
they wouldn’t have survived the decade (and then some) with no stimulation
prior to puberty.
There are some men who will receive more testicular atrophy than others,
and this may cause discomfort during intercourse or when exercising, and
for these men, HCG will be more of a priority to trial. However, this
tension and retraction of the testicles into the abdomen can often be
resolved with pelvic ﬂoor therapy and improving mobility in the hips and
abductors.
Hint: Always look for what you can “do”, before you look for what you can “take”.
The bottom line on HCG is that while there can be mechanistic arguments
for why it is, or isn’t needed, it is only your experience that will show if you
react positively or negatively to its inclusion with your TRT protocol.
I have seen guys report drastically improved mood, energy, libido and
sexual function, and say it’s like “the lights come on” mentally for them.

19

Meanwhile, I have had other men state that HCG causes debilitating
anxiety, sweating, insomnia and mood disturbances that cannot be
rectiﬁed with dose reductions or aromatase inhibitors, all while producing
little to no changes in their serum hormone levels.
If HCG is to be used with TRT, due to its short half-life of 24-36 hours,
and propensity to cause side eﬀects, I prefer it to be dosed at 100-150IU
daily, or 250IU 3x weekly/every other day. If a twice weekly protocol is
followed then the dose, in my opinion should be 250IU-500IU 2x weekly,
but I think 3x weekly minimum is best.
Generally, if HCG is going to cause a negative response, it will occur within
hours or days. If HCG doesn’t make you “feel” anything within the ﬁrst week,
this is a good sign, as testicles often take 6-8 weeks to restore in size.
Keep in mind that HCG is not a libido or sexual function panacea
although it may be touted as one in online forums.
If libido is low due to chronic stress, obesity, other hormonal issues or
relationship/lifestyle problems, HCG is not going to cancel any of these out. In
my experience, the men who get negative side eﬀects from HCG get a reduction
in sexual desire and performance on it, so it truly can have diﬀerent outcomes
from person to person.
To date, neither me, nor anyone I have spoken to has been able to
identify the common variables in men who respond positively, and men
who respond negatively to HCG. That for now, remains a mystery.
I don’t ﬁnd it surprising that a decent cohort of men produce an undesirable
reaction to injecting a physiologically signiﬁcant amount of female pregnancy
hormone, regardless of their intentions. It could very well be an immune
system response that is prominent in some rather than others, but to me, I
would ﬁnd it surprising if 100% men optimally tolerated augmenting their
physiology with a female pregnancy hormone, that was never intended to be
present in these quantities in male biology.

20

CHAPTER III
AROMATASE INHIBITORS

3.1 AROMATASE INHIBITORS INTRODUCTION
Aromatase inhibitors, or AIs for short, are by far the most disagreed
upon area of TRT.
This has progressed in the online TRT space to the point that the arguments
often become hostile and degenerate into non-scientiﬁc discussions, and the
“sides” of each debate have become cult-like in nature.
As outlined in TRT 101, I am of the stance that aromatase inhibitors do not
have a place in optimal male health, for the reasons I will discuss here.
However, I do believe that the men complaining of the “estrogenic
symptoms” they are seeking to remedy do have very real problems which
need addressing and that “estrogens” play a partial role in this pathology,
but there is a diﬀerent way to go about things.
And a lot more that needs to be unpacked.
To begin, I will lay out a couple of quick facts:
1 Every study to date showing the positive outcomes of testosterone
replacement therapy has not inhibited aromatase.
2 There are no long-term studies on the use of aromatase inhibitors in
men, especially when used in addition to testosterone replacement
therapy.
This means that aromatase inhibitor use in men is the opposite of
evidence-based medicine.

? Healthy young men with optimal testosterone levels do not need

aromatase inhibitors, so if TRT is being used to replicate the levels of
testosterone present in a healthy man, why would it cause estrogenic side
eﬀects?
The answer is common sense.

22

It’s either the protocol does not represent the levels of a healthy man,
or
we are not talking about a healthy man.

? So, why is the idea of NOT using an aromatase inhibitor controversial?
Aromatase inhibition, the inhibition of the enzyme “aromatase” (CYP191A)
that converts testosterone to estradiol via the process called
“aromatisation” has been synonymous with testosterone use for a long
time, due to its cross over from body building, as well as the treatment of
side eﬀects when testosterone replacement therapy is improperly
administered.
If you’ve read TRT 101, you will know that testosterone cypionate or
enanthate, the most common protocol for TRT, needs to be
administered more than once a fortnight, or once a week, as it is
commonly prescribed.
This is because these large, bolus doses create a substantial “peak” and
“trough” inducing a rollercoaster-like eﬀect, and does not represent natural
male physiology.
Twice weekly, or more frequent injections such as 3x weekly, every
other day (EOD) or even daily injections, are a must when utilising
testosterone replacement therapy for the majority of patients.
And while some men may “get away” with less frequent injections and do
just ﬁne, this is the FIRST thing to look at when ﬁne tuning or trouble
shooting a protocol.
But injection frequency does not solve all problems.
It only solves the problems relating to injection frequency.
In my experience, there are a multitude of factors why a man may
experience side eﬀects on TRT, but there are some issues that arise more
often than others.

23

These issues are as follows:

1 OBESITY
Obesity is one of the biggest health problems in the world today, and
obesity plays into a vicious cycle when it comes to testosterone
production.
Obesity suppresses testosterone production.
and
Low testosterone inhibits fat burning and lowers energy metabolism.
This “chicken or the egg” is one issue that practitioners and patients alike
must consider.

? “Am I fat because I have low testosterone?”
?

or
“do I have low testosterone because I’m fat?”
In my experience, it’s a bit from column A and a bit from column B for most.
What must be considered when initiating testosterone in an overweight
individual, is that if the body is actively suppressing testosterone
production, and you inject high levels of testosterone it will cause side
eﬀects. This is because you are not working with your natural
physiology, you are working against it.
And it is no surprise that the outcome will be aﬀected adversely.
We know that adipose tissue increases aromatase production. But the
solution here is not to simply inhibit aromatase, as estrogen is vital for
lipolysis (fat burning) as well as having an anti-inﬂammatory eﬀect caused
by the excess body fat.
The solution is to lose the fat.

24

If a pharmaceutical intervention is to be made to manage the excess
aromatase production and estrogenic side eﬀects from excess body fat, it
makes far more sense to use a medication that has been scientiﬁcally
shown to do just that - Metformin. I recommend discussing using 500mg
2x daily, up to 1000mg 2x daily, with your prescribing doctor.
This approach is working further “upstream” in the body. Rather than
trying to suppress the end outcome issue, we are able to look further up
the cascade of events and address not just the problem itself, but work
towards a solution.
This is improving the insulin sensitivity of an obese individual that not only
reduces aromatase, but also helps the individual lose body fat so that they
don’t need a pharmaceutical intervention long term.
Another approach I have used successfully with my clients is to use a
more modest dose of TRT with daily injections or topical cream, and then
titrate the dose up, as the body fat is reduced. This makes the most
“biological sense” as it is working with the body to prevent the need for a
pharmaceutical intervention to be made in the ﬁrst place.
Diet and exercise MUST be the ﬁrst priority when it comes to reducing body
fat. For more information about reducing body fat on TRT, or before
starting TRT, check out Ali Gilbert’s GPP for TRT program, as well as our
combined Mind and Muscle Masterclass.
More information on: https://ali-gilbert.com

2 FATTY LIVER DISEASE
Fatty Liver Disease, whether alcoholic or non-alcoholic (AFLD or NAFLD,
respectively) is one of the most commonly overlooked and dismissed
diagnoses from general practitioners I have ever seen.
The presentation of fatty liver disease is often without acute symptoms,
but there are symptoms of malaise, low energy, varying degrees of insulin

25

resistance and hormone dysfunction. It is often, but not always alerted by
an elevation in “bilirubin” in blood work, as well as elevations in AST/ALT
depending on the severity.
If you have elevations in the marker “bilirubin” you must have a liver
ultrasound to check for fatty liver disease.
Especially if you have elevated markers for “direct” bilirubin, but this marker is
often not tested.
Note: Not everyone with elevated bilirubin has AFLD/NAFLD, and not every
case of AFLD/NAFLD will present with elevated bilirubin above 20. Gilbert's
Syndrome will cause an elevated total bilirubin, often above 20, but will not
elevate direct bilirubin.
Although your doctor and radiologist may dismiss it as a “don’t worry
about it” scenario, it is important to understand that fatty liver disease
will hamper your weight loss eﬀorts and hormonal function and, over
the course of your life will progress into a chronic disease state that
may end in more severe liver disease such as cirrhosis or liver cancer.
It is easily treatable and reversible, and the myth that it is only caused by
alcohol and obesity is not the reality.
Studies have shown that fatty liver disease can often pre-date obesity and
type 2 diabetes, rather than it being the outcome of these states.
I often see clients who have tried for years to reduce body fat and improve
body composition, even with TRT, and their eﬀorts are in vain until they treat
their fatty liver disease.
Disruptions in liver function, whether acutely from alcohol or
chronically from liver disease is a silent and often neglected cause of
side eﬀects on TRT. It is why I always run liver panels when trouble
shooting for my clients, and it is very common for their side eﬀects to
resolve when ﬁxing their liver.

26

For a more in-depth breakdown of liver disease and supporting your liver
naturally, I suggest watching my free liver masterclass on my friend Danny
Bossa’s YouTube channel.
BODY
&
MIND

Liver Masterclass - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v7PAtinpFeI

It is not clear in the literature why NAFLD can occur prior to obesity and
insulin resistance. My hypothesis is that NAFLD can occur due to a
genetically higher requirement for, and subsequent deﬁciency in the key
nutrient for liver health, choline. This nutrient can be sourced in the diet
from egg yolks and liver, as well as in lower amounts from red meat. Egg
yolks are the greatest source of choline.
Fatty liver disease can easily be treated with 1-2 grams of each choline
and inositol, twice daily, for 8-12 weeks depending on the severity. I
recommend a gram of each twice per day for 8 weeks for mild cases,
and 1.5-2 grams for 10-12 weeks for more severe cases. It is important
for ZERO alcohol to be consumed over the treatment period.
Note: It is integral to discuss any treatments for NAFLD/AFLD, or anything else
mentioned in this book, with your prescribing doctor.
I also like to include glutathione, at either 500mg-1g daily of an oral
reduced form daily, or 200mg of injectable glutathione twice per week.
If the gallbladder is obstructed by the liver fat on the ultrasound, I include
500mg of TUDCA daily during the treatment to support bile function.
Once the fatty liver has been resolved, I like to use a botanical liver support
prophylaxis for 6 months containing ingredients such as Milk Thistle, NAC,
Phosphatidylcholine, ALA and other liver support nutrients, to prevent
recurrence and support general liver health. My preference is 1 serving daily of
Now Foods Liver Refresh, 2 capsules daily of Paradise Herbs Milk Thistle, or 1
capsule daily of LVLUPHEALTH’s Liver Complex (Lee10 for a discount from
LVLUPHEALTH).

27

3 HYPOTHYROIDISM
A deep dive into hypothyroidism, its causes and treatments are elaborated
later in this book. For now, I will be focusing only on its relationship to estrogen
and TRT side eﬀects.

? Did you know, one of the main regulators for aromatase production is T3?
The thyroid is one of the most critical glands for health and wellbeing in
the human body. So, it is no wonder that when its function is damaged
or dysregulated, things go astray, especially when exogenous hormones
are introduced.
When an individual presents with the common side eﬀects from TRT and
points the ﬁnger at their serum estrogen level, it is instead prudent for the
practitioner to perform an examination of thyroid function.
There is a strong relationship between obesity, liver function and
hypothyroidism.
For example, a sluggish liver will increase insulin resistance and reduce
conversion of T4 to T3, contributing to both obesity and hypothyroidism.
Obesity will have another vicious cycle relationship as mentioned
previously with the thyroid gland, as while the correlation between obesity
and hypothyroidism is often attributed to thyroid as the root cause
There is suﬃcient evidence to suggest that the increase in systemic
inﬂammation from obesity is also capable of dysregulating thyroid
function, increasing reverse T3, slowing thyroid function and making
weight loss that much more diﬃcult.
And, to top it oﬀ, hypothyroidism can both cause, and be caused by…
Drum roll…

28

Fatty liver disease.
This triad of metabolic dysfunction and chronic disease is one of the most
overlooked and neglected contributors towards becoming locked in a
stubborn state of dysfunction.
Aromatase inhibitors are not the cure, they are simply band-aiding the
problem.
And, unfortunately many men are told their body fat is “ﬁne”, their liver is
“ﬁne” and their thyroid is “within range”, when in reality, they have a problem
with either, or all of the above, they just haven’t found a practitioner who can
diagnose and treat these issues properly.

3.2 AROMATASE INHIBITORS MYTH BUSTING
MYTH #: “There are genetic over-aromatisers.”
One of the most common scape-goats for avoiding the reality of diet
and lifestyle consequences is blaming your genetics.
While some people will be genetically disposed to autoimmune thyroid
disease (or thyroid abnormalities across the board), developing fatty liver
and a plethora of variance in other metabolic functions, I have not been
able to ﬁnd any singular nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) that explains
why one guy will need an aromatase inhibitor and another won’t.
There are hundreds of SNPs relating to estrogen, across the various receptors,
metabolism and the function of aromatase itself, and there will be varying
polymorphisms and mutations across the board that account for our
individual biochemistry.
If there are epigenetic shifts that cause a man to over aromatise due to a
prolonged androgen-deprived state, these shifts would be reversed following
chronic exposure to optimal androgen levels. This could account for another

29

reason why TRT takes time to work.
When I have spoken to men who claim that they are “genetic
over-aromatisers” there has been something oﬀ in their diet and
lifestyle that they do not take accountability for, or there is a
pathological state not diagnosed.
Or, they are simply overweight.
MYTH #: “Being leaner than 15% body fat is not good for your health
and is only for vanity reasons.”
When I came into this space from a neuroscience background, I would
have never understood the importance of being leaner for better
health.
If you think having a six pack is only good for taking your shirt oﬀ on the
beach, think again.
You must get ridiculously lean as a man for it to become detrimental to
your health, and excess body fat beyond 15% is causative for insulin
resistance.
The more body fat you have, the more inﬂammation and the more
metabolic dysfunction.
Many men could improve their health and response to TRT by reducing their
body fat to 10%, or into the high single digits. If you’re having side eﬀects on
TRT and don’t like how you look naked - you know what you need to do.
MYTH #: “If you get side eﬀects from anastrozole, you’ll do better with
exemestane, and vice versa. You need to dial in the dose to ﬁnd your
estrogen “sweet spot”.”
From my observations, aromatase inhibitors, when dosed conservatively, can
improve negative side eﬀect symptoms from TRT in the short term.

30

However, they often lead to a suite of new problems and side eﬀects in
the long term, that cannot be remedied by ﬁnding the “sweet spot” or
swapping the class of the drug.
While these drugs diﬀer drastically in their mechanism of action (I would
choose to use a daily micro dose of exemestane if I had a gun to my head
and had to use one of them) their outcomes are largely the same.
Reducing your aromatase activity via a drug is not going to lead to an
optimal state of male physiology.
In fact, using these medications to band-aid the negative signal from your
body may then result in you neglecting to resolve the root cause problem,
and will lead to more negative outcomes in the long term.
Following the above approach, I have not had any clients who have
“needed” aromatase inhibitors to feel their best on TRT.
I have seen many men try to take AIs, and discontinue them after a few
weeks or a few months due to side eﬀects, even when taken in doses to
only reduce their serum estrogen by 20-30%, to the number they thought
was the “goldilocks” zone.
Remember, estrogen is a paracrine hormone in men, meaning that
estrogen is made locally in the cell, rather than being transported
around the body for use in the blood like testosterone. This means that the
serum number is a “proxy” for total estrogen activity and it is an imperfect one.
Rather than trying to ﬁx the symptoms or the by-products of a
dysfunctional state, if you are having side eﬀects from TRT, it is vital
that you have a comprehensive assessment from a knowledgeable
practitioner who can diagnose and treat the root cause condition.
Healthy men with optimal testosterone levels don’t need aromatase inhibitors,
and a well-constructed TRT protocol mimics this physiology. You don’t need
one either.

31

3.3 AROMATASE INHIBITORS VERDICT
In my experience, there can be two hard pills to swallow when it comes to
understanding aromatase inhibitors:
1 You can’t blame your genetics for your problems
2 Testosterone takes time to turn you into the man you want to be
Rather than seeing “estrogenic side eﬀects” as a problem that must be
corrected with pharmaceuticals, it is more important to look at what
can I “do”, or what do I need to “change”, rather than what can I “take”.
The other factor seldom discussed, is that testosterone takes time to
androgenise your psychology and physiology.
An unrealistic expectation many guys have resulting in frustration and
confusion is that testosterone doesn’t miraculously transform you into the
most masculine expression of yourself once your serum levels reach an
optimal level. It takes months, and even years, as well as hard work to
reach that potential.
There is a big gap between the expectations and reality of TRT.
I believe many men are looking to remedy this lack of “masculine traits”
and think that altering their ratio of androgens to estrogens will fast-track
this process. And while it may produce a subjective “beneﬁt” in the short
term, it is important to listen to the side eﬀects when they arise, rather
than looking to remedy this problem with more pharmaceuticals or
supplements.
Never use drugs to ﬁx the side eﬀect of other drugs when the goal is
optimal performance, health and longevity.
It is important to also re-iterate this key point: testosterone replacement
therapy has been studied long term in men with positive outcomes.
Aromatase inhibition, with or without testosterone replacement, has not.

32

CHAPTER IV
PREGNENOLONE

4.1 PREGNENOLONE INTRODUCTION
I have spent a lot of time studying pregnenolone, as well as working with
people on their pregnenolone supplementation.
This is due to my own personal background with chronic complications
from vestibular neuritis and pregnenolone played a crucial role in that
recovery.
Since producing two of the most highly viewed YouTube lectures on
pregnenolone, training world class clinics in how their doctors and patient
care coordinators can treat their patients with pregnenolone, and
producing the only comprehensive practitioner training resource, “The
Pregnenolone Masterclass”, I have seen how pregnenolone plays out a lot.
The majority of what is discussed and posted around pregnenolone
online is inaccurate in the context of hormone replacement therapy.
It may sound great as mechanistic theory in animal or invitro studies, or even
in high dose, short term human trials (these trials are very myopic).
But in reality, the majority of people should not supplement
pregnenolone, for one key reason.
It is not well tolerated.
While there may be some spectacular, borderline panacea eﬀects reported
in forums and corners of the internet, there is a reason why widespread
use of pregnenolone is not a standard.
In fact, I would wager that the majority of people who have trialed
pregnenolone supplementation discontinued it due to side eﬀects.
However, there is a major exception to this.
Pregnenolone deﬁciency.

34

When an individual who is truly deﬁcient in pregnenolone restores their
levels, the results are nothing short of spectacular.
I can honestly say, I’ve never seen anything like it.
However, the trainwreck that is the current state of pregnenolone
discussions online comes from two incorrect hypotheses.
1 Everyone on TRT needs pregnenolone, as pregnenolone production is
reduced when the patient is on TRT.
2 Pregnenolone’s beneﬁts are systemic and everyone can beneﬁt from higher,
more “optimal” pregnenolone levels.
These will be discussed at length in the “myth busting” section, and are the core
discussion of the Pregnenolone Masterclass on the Advanced Fundamental
Health website.

? So, what is pregnenolone?
Pregnenolone is often referred to as the “mother” hormone.
It is the hormone from which all other hormones are made, and is the
precursor, directly after cholesterol, to form the entire steroidogenic
hormonal cascade that contains the majority of the body’s hormone
production, including cortisol, progesterone, DHEA, testosterone and
estrogen.
For a long time, it was thought that pregnenolone only served the role
of a precursor and exerted its eﬀect via its metabolism to other
hormones.
And while there are no speciﬁc pregnenolone receptors in the body, it does
exert a variety of neurosteroidal, hormonal, immunomodulatory and other
functions in the body via its own mechanisms, both as pregnenolone and
pregnenolone-sulfate.

35

Pregnenolone is often touted online as a “neurosteroid” hormone, due to
its powerful modulatory impact on neurotransmission.
It is important to keep in mind that while testosterone and DHT also ﬁt the
deﬁnition criteria of neurosteroids, pregnenolone and its metabolites not
only modulate the sensitivity of the GABA-A receptor, but also play integral
roles in the regulation processes relating to dopamine, glutamate, opioid
receptors and detoxiﬁcation processes.
A pregnenolone deﬁciency often presents primarily as mental illness.
Typically, there are diagnoses of anxiety and depression, as well as
insomnia.
Other mental health diagnoses can be made, or behaviours manifest,
depending on the person’s personality type and circumstances.
I refer to the low pregnenolone state as “wired, tired and cranked”.
It is very common for these people to experience little joy, peace or
satisfaction, as they are constantly overwhelmed, and struggle to function
with day-to-day life and career due to severe brain fog. It is also common
for these individuals to have been previously placed on a variety of
psychiatric medications from their doctors, that will often produce side
eﬀects due to the lack of pregnenolone’s protection to neuronal
excitotoxicity.
In fact, low pregnenolone individuals will often be hypersensitive to
everything, and will often have food intolerances and negative reactions to
small amounts of caﬀeine, as well as alcohol.
This is because they have lost a lot of their biological stress resilience
and, as a result, recover poorly from just about everything.
Physical or mental stress, junk food, alcohol - everything hits you hard and
leaves you hung out to dry when pregnenolone is low.

36

The eﬀects of treating a pregnenolone deﬁciency are life changing.
When it is low, supplementing pregnenolone will create powerful,
positive subjective eﬀects on mood, energy, sleep and wellbeing.
I have had clients describe it as life changing, and commonly reported eﬀects
include increased perception of beauty such as colour, nature and music, as
well as a calmer mind, more positive mental outlook, less anxiety and stress,
better exercise tolerance and drastically improved sleep.
Sounds amazing - right?
Here’s the catch.
You only get those beneﬁts if you’re correcting a deﬁciency.

? What do you get if you take pregnenolone without a deﬁciency?
You get the same side eﬀects as someone who is on too high a dose.
Erectile dysfunction, low libido, increased body fat (typically in feminine
areas), fatigue, insomnia and reduced positive androgenic eﬀects from
the testosterone.
This is because when the body has too much pregnenolone it primarily
metabolises into progesterone and creates supraphysiological levels of
progesterone.
In men, this is inherently anti-androgenic via reducing 5-alpha reductase
(required for the production of DHT) as well as blocking androgens from
binding to the androgen receptor.
For most, this is the opposite of what they’re trying to achieve with TRT
and, it is no surprise that when it is not tolerated, many men report their
previous low testosterone symptoms return as a side eﬀect.

37

4.2 MYTH BUSTING
MYTH #: “Everyone on TRT needs pregnenolone, as pregnenolone
production is shut down on TRT.”
If you haven’t seen my pregnenolone masterclass yet, I repeat the same phrase
upwards of a dozen times in the two-hour session.
“Do not take pregnenolone if you don’t have a deﬁciency”.
If this rule is adhered to 100%, 90% of the problems with pregnenolone
supplementation will go away.
(The other 10% is people taking too high a dose)
There is a pervasive theory online, along the lines of: depletion occurs at
the end of a cycle of anabolic steroids due to prolonged suppression of LH
and FSH. This hypothesis was further elaborated where it was found that
the enzyme that converts cholesterol to pregnenolone, CYP11A1, is
increased by the activity of LH (becomes zero on TRT or AAS cycles).
This sounds great on paper. However, in practice, it simply doesn’t
check out.
1 There are two main problems with this hypothesis:
If it were true, every man on TRT will be deﬁcient in pregnenolone.
They’re not.
2 If every man has reduced pregnenolone from TRT and can beneﬁt from
restoring its levels, then every man will beneﬁt from at least a small
amount of pregnenolone supplementation. They don’t.
It is not uncommon for mechanistic theory to not check out in practice, as
studies only show a small snapshot of a picture that is a lot bigger with a lot
more variables that are not taken into consideration.
In reality, the way pregnenolone works with TRT is very diﬀerent.

38

In my opinion, there is likely a small, systemic reduction in total
pregnenolone levels that circulate on TRT. This is due to less
pregnenolone being created due to the reduction in CYP11A1 via LH’s
absence. However, as a major end role of steroidogenesis is fulﬁlled via
testosterone (Testosterone, DHT, estrogens).
Less pregnenolone is needed.
And the body is doing this to create balance, as adding more
pregnenolone when the body has already regulated its own requirement
causes a supraphysiological, unnatural endocrine environment, causing
side eﬀects.
I believe this theory relates more to the side eﬀects of prolonged, high dose AAS
use, as opposed to therapeutic, testosterone replacement therapy. I wouldn’t
be surprised if high doses of non-bioidentical anabolic steroids do reduce
pregnenolone and DHEA levels long term, but I do not necessarily believe they
do either. I believe this was extrapolating n=1 into a widespread hypothesis
with the best intentions, but it didn’t eventuate.

? So why do SOME guys need pregnenolone on TRT and others do not?
I believe it is because the guys who need pregnenolone on TRT also needed it
before they were on TRT and it is part of their overall hormone deﬁciency.
“Where there’s smoke there’s ﬁre” and depending on the root cause of
deﬁciency, hypogonadism can occur with, or coincide with,
hypothyroidism and deﬁciencies of growth hormone, pregnenolone or
DHEA.
But other times, these hormone deﬁciencies can occur in isolation.
I have not seen TRT cause a pregnenolone deﬁciency to date, something I said
3 years ago in my ﬁrst YouTube lecture and still rings true. I’ve seen levels drop
marginally, but I’ve also seen them increase or remain the same. I am sure
there are exceptions to this rule, but as someone who has worked with a lot of

39

men on pregnenolone, this is what I have observed.
I have only seen pregnenolone deﬁciencies in a minority of my clients. I have
seen many guys with pregnenolone levels that are not deﬁcient (pregnenolone
consistently >50) supplement with doses as low as 5-10mg and not tolerate it
due to sexual side eﬀects and lethargy, or anxiety and feminising fat
depositions, or emotional side eﬀects.
It is also important to note that LH is not responsible for the primary
functions of the adrenal glands, where both pregnenolone and DHEA are
produced in high quantities, as well as in other glands and the brain.
There is a study that is further extrapolated and misunderstood, showing
that when exogenous testosterone is administered, that production of
pregnenolone and DHEA are reduced in the testicles. This is true, as the
testicles become inactive on testosterone replacement therapy (unless
concurrent use of HCG is used).
However, it is extremely important to identify that this was an isolated
testicular cell study, and didn’t address systemic levels or functions that
could be negatively impacted.
In fact, it is shown that not only does HCG not increase DHEA levels when
administered to men on TRT, it has also been shown that TRT monotherapy
actually INCREASES levels of systemic DHEA, rather than decreasing it.
When we look at outcomes in practice, monitoring and measuring the
levels of these hormones in response to TRT, one thing is clear, there is not
a widespread reduction in pregnenolone (or DHEA) levels in response to
TRT. If there were, the majority of men would feel lousy on steroid cycles
or TRT without taking pregnenolone, and only a small minority take it.
(Remember, as discussed in the HCG chapter, HCG co-administration doesn’t
signiﬁcantly increase pregnenolone either.)

40

To conclude, it is extremely important to note that pregnenolone causes
negative side eﬀects if it is not tolerated, which trust me, you want to avoid. I
believe there would be more room for debate on this topic if pregnenolone
wasn’t so poorly tolerated in those who don’t need it.
Men lose their libido, gain feminine fat deposition, become emotional,
lose the positive eﬀects of testosterone, and develop severe erectile
dysfunction and fatigue. The only time these eﬀects DON’T occur and
positive eﬀects are gained is when there is an identiﬁed deﬁciency and
it is resolved.
There are currently practitioners all over the world who recommend
pregnenolone for all patients on TRT and I believe this approach should be
avoided. Primarily because I work with guys on identifying the issue, guiding
discontinuation and ﬁnding they feel better each time. Secondarily, because we
do not know the long- term eﬀects of elevating these hormone levels to
supraphysiological levels for long periods of time.

4.3 PREGNENOLONE VERDICT
Pregnenolone is a powerful tool in the toolbox for any practitioner
working in healthcare. However, it requires proper testing, monitoring,
titration and supervision, and there is a strong lack of the necessary
frameworks in place for it to be used eﬀectively for the most part.
Pregnenolone sulfate, although it is the most accurate pregnenolone
test available, is still subject to signiﬁcant daily ﬂuctuation.
However, an undetectable level almost always predicts a problem.
Repeat low tests, <50, and a history of symptoms that match a deﬁciency
warrant a trial of pregnenolone supplementation.
In my experience, the vast majority of people with undetectable pregnenolone
levels beneﬁt from supplementation, on the assumption that dosing is correct.

41

If someone has a low-end pregnenolone level and no negative symptoms I
don’t recommend treating it, although I don’t think a trial of a low dose for a
short period, such as 3-7 days, is a bad idea either. However, I predict that if
there are no low pregnenolone symptoms, the person will feel better without
pregnenolone, than with pregnenolone added.
If a pregnenolone deﬁciency is present, it is best treated with oral
supplementation in a micronised form. Regular oral works okay, but
micronised works far better at improving blood levels and symptoms.
These will ideally be compounded by a pharmacy, and can be put into
sustained release capsules that are even better, but by no means needed.
A smoother, slower release is already achieved through micronisation, but
when it comes to hormone replacement therapy, “fewer peaks and
troughs” is always a good approach.
I recommend starting on 50mg of pregnenolone for men (or 25mg for
women) if the blood result is undetectable or <50 on more than one
occasion. If someone has borderline low levels and wants to trial
pregnenolone, I recommend a lower dose of 25mg for men and 10mg
for women.
Pregnenolone responses to supplementation vary wildly, and body weight
and gender are not the only determining factors. In my experience, most
men require a pregnenolone dose of 50-100mg to correct a deﬁciency, but
there is a substantial minority who beneﬁt from 10-25mg and achieve
equal blood serum levels. This means that although there are ballparks,
pregnenolone dose response varies more than thyroid or testosterone, so
more careful emphasis must be placed on testing and follow up
monitoring.
I recommend taking pregnenolone at night, as the majority will ﬁnd it sedating.
However, as mentioned previously, pregnenolone supplementation responses
vary and a substantial minority ﬁnd it stimulating and do better taking it in the
morning. The eﬀects are often quite pronounced, so it is often easy to work out
how it aﬀects you. If unsure, take it before bed.

42

Pregnenolone can be taken with or without food, and levels can be
measured in the blood accurately after a week. Results become more
reliable when more exogenous pregnenolone is supplemented, as the
replacement dose is far more consistent than the body’s natural
production.
For those who ﬁnd it sedating and have a deﬁciency, pregnenolone will
act as a sleep aid.
For those who ﬁnd it stimulating and have a deﬁciency, pregnenolone
will act as an energy promoting nootropic, like coﬀee or green tea.
I recommend measuring pregnenolone at either a 12 or 24 hour trough,
to make it convenient, but make sure it’s clear which one it is and be
consistent.
Most will measure their pregnenolone at a 12 hour trough as they have
taken their nightly dose. I recommend aiming for a trough level >100. If it
is a 24- hour trough, I recommend a trough level >75.
There are many online who will recommend that pregnenolone is optimised to
much higher levels, >125-150, or even up to 250. I have only seen side eﬀects
when pregnenolone is taken this high due to supraphysiological elevations in
progesterone, and pregnenolone’s inherently stimulating properties.
I have consistently seen men with healthy, normal pregnenolone levels
of 50-150 develop side eﬀects and not tolerate pregnenolone
supplementation at all, even in doses as low as 5-10mg.
This can create a challenge for these men, as they often get both beneﬁts and
side eﬀects from increasing their pregnenolone. I hypothesise that this is due
to the anti-stress eﬀects of pregnenolone discussed by the late Dr Raymond
Peat at great length, and I instead recommend exploring mindfulness
meditation, mobility/stretching, as well as supplements such as
phosphatidylserine, CBD and KSM-66/Sensoril Ashwagandha. I have lectures
on all these supplements on Youtube.

43

I encourage all men who are considering starting TRT, or who are on TRT
and have not previously had their pregnenolone checked, to run a blood
test for pregnenolone-sulfate on your next blood panel. It should be
fasting tested, ﬁrst thing in the morning.
I do not recommend taking pregnenolone without the guidance and
direction of a practitioner, and I do not recommend buying
pregnenolone online and taking it without measuring your levels ﬁrst.
Although pregnenolone can be measured accurately in the blood after a
week, it takes 3-4 weeks for the eﬀects to manifest. I recommend titrating
and retesting pregnenolone every 8-12 weeks in increments of 25-50mg
(10-25mg for women), and monitoring every 6-12 months once stable levels
have been achieved and negative symptoms resolved.

44

CHAPTER V
DHEA

5.1 DHEA INTRODUCTION
DHEA falls into a similar category to pregnenolone in a lot of ways.
It’s a neurosteroid. It often comes in a capsule. It’s usually taken once a day. It
can be deﬁcient on or oﬀ TRT.
And…
It’s often incorrectly prescribed or neglected, leading to undesirable
negative symptoms.
I like to describe pregnenolone and DHEA as yin and yang.
Pregnenolone, primarily through its conversion to progesterone and
allopregnanolone serves the role of yin, often being sedative, anti-anxiety,
and calming.
And while DHEA shares a lot of pregnenolone’s anti-stress eﬀects, I put the
yang label on it, due to its energising, stimulating and pro-metabolic
properties.
It is for these reasons, as well as many others, that DHEA is often sought
after in supplement stores (it’s over the counter in some countries, but
prescription-only in just as many) as, if your natural production of DHEA is
low and you supplement with it, generally you “feel” much better, day to
day.
DHEA deﬁciency, in my experience, is more common with old age. In fact,
it is uncommon, to encounter a man past the age of 60 who doesn’t
beneﬁt from at least a small amount of DHEA supplementation.
In fact, this is one thing that sets DHEA apart from the other hormones.
It is the one most strongly inﬂuenced by age.
In fact, it is quite common for men in their early 20s in the appointments

46

with me to be concerned that their DHEA is above the reference range and
is too high! While in reality, there is no problem, it is just a hallmark of
being young, and if anything, it is a positive.
However, this is where some things start to go awry in the internet
pseudo-science realm. This is built around the simple, logical fallacy:
“More DHEA = More Beneﬁts” - This is not correct.
(This is discussed at length in the next section of this chapter.)
A commonality DHEA shares with pregnenolone is the incredible beneﬁts
of resolving a deﬁciency.
As DHEA is integral in the production of cellular energy, adrenal function,
thyroid function, and the production of serotonin and dopamine while
having regulatory properties on the immune system, temperature
regulation and opioid receptors, a deﬁciency leads to a low vitality,
depressed and anhedonic state.
Patients or clients with deﬁciencies often report a cluster of sexual
dysfunction symptoms including low drive, inadequate
lubrication/erection function, inability to reach orgasm and lack of
sensitivity. They will also report low energy, stimulant dependence, low
mood and poor stress tolerance.
When rectifying a DHEA deﬁciency, there can be powerful changes to
witness in a client or patient’s physical and mental health. “Wellbeing”, the
subjective state of living day-to-day, often improves substantially. Sleep,
exercise and energy all improve, and people describe they feel more
“youthful”, akin to how they remember feeling in their twenties.
While, in my experience, age is the primary factor for causing DHEA levels
to decline, it is not the only factor. There is a substantial minority of
younger men I see with low DHEA levels who beneﬁt from
supplementation, and reports of many more via other practitioners - it is
simply less common.

47

The causes of these secondary DHEA deﬁciencies are unknown, but I have
witnessed chronic autoimmune conditions, chronic intractable pain, lyme
disease, history of cancer treatment and TBI as all being implicated in
DHEA deﬁciency in men of any age.
The downfall of DHEA is quite simple. Practitioners and patients alike
look for the beneﬁts of DHEA (mood, energy, wellbeing) without
understanding that these beneﬁts don’t take place unless they are in
the context of restoring a deﬁciency.
The problem is that taking DHEA when it is not deﬁcient, similarly to
pregnenolone, causes side eﬀects. These include acne, increased body
odour, insomnia, anxiety, over stimulation, excess sweating, bloating,
water retention and other mood disturbances. This is due to DHEA’s
powerful eﬀects on both androgenic, estrogenic and adrenal functions,
and, most importantly the beneﬁts cannot be separated from systemic
eﬀects.

5.2 DHEA MYTH BUSTING
“DHEA has x beneﬁt. More DHEA means more of x”
When you look at the beneﬁts of DHEA on paper, it is nothing short of
incredible. It would be hard to ﬁnd an area of health that doesn’t beneﬁt
from DHEA.

? Insulin sensitivity? Yes.
? Sex drive and function? Absolutely.
? Mood? Profoundly.
? Immune System? Yes.
? Cancer Protection? Some say so.
? Bone mineral density? Yes.
? Muscle mass and performance? Yes.
? Neurological health? Absolutely.
48

From looking at the beneﬁts of DHEA, it almost seems crazy for someone
NOT to supplement with it. So why shouldn’t you?
It’s very simple, and shares the commonality with pregnenolone.
It’s just not tolerated.
It just doesn’t work out. If it did, taking DHEA would be as common as
taking a multivitamin or ﬁsh oil.
There’s a reason why most who try DHEA aren’t still taking it...
DHEA produces these beneﬁts, and overall systemic improvements in
health and wellbeing when a deﬁciency is corrected. When DHEA is
supplemented in a body which is already making healthy levels of DHEA it
creates a supraphysiologic DHEA environment. This causes powerful,
systemic side eﬀectsand leads to discontinuation.
A lot of DHEA’s eﬀects occur from improving energy and acting as an
antagonist to many catabolic functions of cortisol and adrenaline, so if
you are looking for the beneﬁts of DHEA but already have optimal DHEA
levels, consider working on diet, lifestyle and stress management.
MYTH #: “TRT reduces DHEA.”
In this whole book, this is the best example of a myth, as you will hear it
parroted in just about every forum, group and podcast on the topic of TRT.
It is used as a case against TRT. It is used as a case to upsell HCG to
“prevent the drop in levels”, or it is used to upsell DHEA as a “must have”
with any TRT prescription.
In reality? Not true at all.

49

This is because although DHEA is made in the testicles as a precursor to
testosterone, it is primarily made in the adrenal glands. And, as
testosterone stimulates the central nervous system, it is common for TRT
to (but not always) increase or maintain DHEA levels.
In my experience seeing thousands of blood panels for DHEA, in the
majority of cases, TRT will not impact DHEA levels signiﬁcantly, outside of
regular daily ﬂuctuation in DHEA levels.

? Does DHEA drop in SOME men on TRT?
Yes. Absolutely. And those men should be treated with DHEA therapy.
However, it is far from common practice, and these men fall into the category
of “outliers” rather than the majority.
What is far more common, is men ﬁnding out their DHEA is low after
starting TRT - however, they did not run a serum blood test prior to
initiating TRT to ﬁnd out that it was already low.
Another scenario is that men will be on TRT for a decade and attribute their
TRT to declining DHEA levels, when in reality, it was due to a decade of
aging.
MYTH #: “HCG Increases DHEA.”
HCG does not increase DHEA signiﬁcantly in practice.
This aligns with my observations in working with my clients. To date I have
not seen HCG resolve a DHEA deﬁciency.

50

This myth comes from the mechanistic theory of the steroidogenic
cascade diagram, with the misunderstanding that hormones literally ﬂow
down the arrows like rivers, rather than being a diagram for illustrative
purposes.
Just as TRT in the majority of men will not signiﬁcantly decrease DHEA, or
impact it much whatsoever, HCG does not signiﬁcantly increase levels, nor
impact levels of DHEA much in practice.
If this myth is reality, we will see low DHEA in the majority of men on TRT
monotherapy and optimal DHEA levels in men on TRT + HCG, and this is not an
observed hallmark of either treatment.

5.3 DHEA VERDICT
The most common symptom I see of DHEA deﬁciency is related to sexual
function particularly low drive, and low sensitivity that may or may not be
involved in diﬃculty to orgasm.
This is often accompanied by low energy levels, with many similarities in
symptoms of subclinical hypothyroidism - low energy, lethargy, always napping
and oversleeping, poor stress tolerance.
I don’t use the word “wellbeing” very often as it doesn’t have an
objective, measurable meaning.
However, the best term for what DHEA does for men who correct a
deﬁciency is improve their sense of “wellbeing”.
I ﬁnd DHEA and pregnenolone have similar outcomes in improving overall
quality of life, with DHEA helping with the more stimulating and energetic

51

aspects (yang), while pregnenolone is more involved with rest and
relaxation issues (yin).
In fact, the eﬀects of DHEA on dopamine, adrenal function and adenosine
share a lot of similarities with caﬀeine. I often will explain pregnenolone as
our body’s natural valium, and DHEA as our body’s natural, endogenous
version of coﬀee. Being deﬁcient in either one puts you out of balance,
while being deﬁcient in both cause you to be wired (low pregnenolone)
and tired (low DHEA) at the same time.
It is extremely important to check for both pregnenolone and DHEA
deﬁciencies as they equally often occur together as they do in isolation.
And it is extremely important to understand that the client or patient’s
negative side eﬀects will not resolve unless all hormone deﬁciencies are
resolved.
In my experience, DHEA levels are best, as a rule of thumb, around midrange.
In my experience, DHEA is best left alone if levels are not low, and while
bringing levels from low to middle confers a strong beneﬁt, increasing DHEA
from moderate to high causes problems, and taking DHEA from low to too
high causes the same problems. These issues are typically agitation,
insomnia, bloating, mood disturbances and acne.
As DHEA is an adrenal hormone and is especially related to the functions
of the adrenal glands, to me it makes sense why it has this “goldilocks
zone” characteristic. Similar logic applies to other adrenal hormones such
as cortisol.
DHEA can be taken as an injectable, oral, sublingual or transdermal
supplement. While it can be purchased online in most countries, I always

52

recommend a compounded pharmaceutical preparation where possible.
If a commercial preparation is used, I recommend a micronised version as
it has a more gradual release. I recommend the brands MRM and
Nutricology.
My preference for DHEA is micronised, oral supplementation taken in
the morning.
There may be some fringe beneﬁts to topical or sublingual, but I do not
believe these beneﬁts are worth the inconvenience of not having a long
term, straightforward solution. DHEA can be taken with food or on an
empty stomach.
DHEA peaks naturally in the morning, and as it inherently has many
activating properties, I recommend a once daily AM dose. I have seen
many recommend taking DHEA at night as one study shows it increases
growth hormone when taken in this fashion. However, in practice, DHEA
will worsen sleep quality in the majority of men who take it at night., which
is the simple reason why it should be taken in the morning.
I ﬁnd DHEA is best optimised to levels of 4-8 nmol/L. In my experience,
taking levels to above 8nmol/L (at 24-hour trough) causes side eﬀects, as
levels are peaking much higher when taking the daily dose.
When measuring at a 2–4-hour peak, I ﬁnd DHEA is best optimised at 6-15.
This is a broader range, however, due to the unstable pharmacodynamics of
oral, non esterised hormone supplementation, I prefer to measure and
optimise DHEA based on a 24-hour trough, rather than peak.
I recommend initiating DHEA supplementation at 10-25mg for men at
5-10mg for women. I recommend titrating DHEA dosing by 10-25mg
increments. I ﬁnd that most men require 25-50mg to achieve optimal

53

DHEA levels when they are deﬁcient while using high quality,
pharmaceutical preparations. There are a decent minority of men who will
achieve optimal levels on 5-10mg, as well as some men needing up to
100-150mg to achieve optimal levels.
DHEA can be felt instantly for many men, or with others noticing the beneﬁts
building over a 2–4-week period. DHEA-s (DHEA Sulfate) is a 24 half-life
metabolite of DHEA which is common practice to measure in the blood, and
can be accurately measured after as little as 1 week of supplementation.
However, as with pregnenolone, it is crucial to titrate in 2–3-month increments,
as it can take many weeks for the subjective beneﬁts of DHEA to be fully
realised.

54

CHAPTER VI
FERTILITY

6.1 FERTILITY INTRODUCTION
Male fertility is an under-discussed topic outside of HRT, and more men than
ever before are ﬁnding issues with conception due to complications from
lifestyle, diet and endocrine factors.
In some cases, men will even discover their hypogonadism while
investigating their poor fertility parameters. As I have written
previously in this book, “where there’s smoke there’s ﬁre”.
Unfortunately, while this concept goes both ways, perspective is often lost,
and in recent years, the discourse around the topic of male hormone
replacement therapy and fertility has changed to become quite alarmist
and misleading; Many men on TRT have fertility issues. However, many
men don’t.
Here’s the important part:
Many of the men on TRT with fertility issues had undiagnosed,
uninvestigated fertility issues before starting TRT. And it often has the
same root cause as the diagnosed hypogonadism - poor diet and
lifestyle, obesity, drug use (including pharmaceuticals) and, of course,
age.
It is also important to address another key point - the men who don’t have
fertility issues are not the those talking about it in the forums you land on after
google searching the topic.
Most people who discuss HRT online aren’t sharing success stories; they’re
trouble shooting.
If testosterone replacement therapy was a reliable method of male
birth control, it would be MUCH more popular, and applied for this
speciﬁc purpose.
In fact, there are many body builders who have assumed that due to testicular

56

atrophy or diminished ejaculate volume while on a supraphysiological steroid
cycle, that they are infertile. These men often became fathers as a result.
While testosterone replacement therapy can complicate fertility, or in some
instances make a man temporarily infertile, it does not do this in all cases. And
this is what leads to much of the confusion regarding the “will it, won’t it?”
question of infertility and TRT.

6.2 FERTILITY MYTH BUSTING
MYTH #: “TRT makes all men infertile unless you use HCG.”
This is the biggest myth of all, and I believe this is primarily promoted
by clinics that are selling HCG as an upsell for all their TRT programs.
The best marketing strategy is to create a problem you didn’t know you had
and sell you the solution.
When I started TRT in 2016, the discourse was very diﬀerent, and much
closer to the truth, as discussed in Jay Campbell TOT Bible.
TRT may certainly cause fertility problems, but it is far from a guarantee.
This is supported by the many men who conceive healthy children on TRT
without any form of fertility support. We just don’t hear about these men as
often.
As mentioned previously - if this is a hard fact, we will be using TRT as a
method of male birth control and it would likely be VERY popular for
men of all ages.
The second part to this myth that needs busting is that HCG as a TRT
ancillary is not a bulletproof vest against infertility. So, while running
HCG with your TRT might make you “feel” better, in reality, I have not
seen this to consistently preserve fertility.

57

Similarly, I have not seen TRT monotherapy consistently cause infertility.
This is because HCG primarily activates the LH receptor, that only plays a
supportive role in facilitating spermatogenesis (factors relating to sperm
production and health). HCG has some mild, spillover eﬀects into the FSH
receptor at the doses we typically use for intratesticular testosterone
production, this is why the doses used of HCG for TRT (typically
500-1500IU a week in divided doses), we only receive a mild impact on this
pathway.
In my experience over the last three years, I have seen many men on TRT who
are infertile.

? Have I seen more infertile men on TRT monotherapy than TRT + HCG?
No. It’s roughly the same.
In fact, one of the surprising observations I had early in my career as a
health coach was that the mechanistic theory of HCG preserving fertility as
a TRT adjunct in reality was more of a “it may help a bit”, rather than a
“sure thing”.
This is a stark contrast to how HCG is marketed. So, understand this:
TRT has a signiﬁcant change of complicating fertility. It is not guaranteed to
render you infertile, but it does have a good chance of reducing fertility to
some degree. If you become infertile as a result, your pre-existing fertility
status was also a factor, but not the only determinant. Individual
variability, biochemical individuality, n=1, or “luck”, seem to all be factors in
the outcome.
I recommend that men who want to have children in the future consider
getting a fertility test before starting TRT, as well as 6 months into
treatment, and discuss and explore options for future fertility protocols
depending on the timeline that they’re looking to have children.

58

For most circumstances, as a general rule of thumb, I recommend delaying TRT
until after successful conception if you are planning children in the next 12
months. Don’t potentially complicate an already complicated process unless
you have to.
If children are years away, consider using the time in the interim to
correct your hormonal issues and get your diet and lifestyle squared
away to build yourself into the best future-father you can be, and then
address fertility when the time comes.
MYTH #: “If you take HCG every “x” interval, you’ll be more likely to
conceive in the future.”
This segues into the next myth.
A very common scenario for me to see with men who are concerned
around fertility on TRT, is ﬁnding out they’re infertile and wanting to
conceive in 2-5 years, or beyond.
This is a diﬃcult circumstance, because depending on who you ask, will
depend on the answer you get about what to do.
Especially if the individual reacts badly to HCG.
I am a big believer in the notion of “test not guess” in these scenarios.
For example, if you are utilising HCG for remaining fertile while on TRT test your fertility!
Some practitioners will suggest that HCG is used cyclically, in various
approaches such as once a month, once a quarter or a 2-3 times per year,
to prevent the testicles from remaining “dormant” for a prolonged period
of time, that will potentially lead to better fertility parameters in the future.
Unfortunately, others nor I, has a clear-cut answer on the validity of this
approach. It has not been studied.

59

My concern is that if the individual reacts badly to HCG, that even short
use periods could be causing side eﬀects that may negatively aﬀect the
individual in the future. Again - this has not been studied.
My comment on this area is that in practice, I have not seen a diﬀerence in
the success of the acute fertility protocols (discussed later in this chapter)
based on whether the individual has used HCG periodically or not.
I have found these fertility protocols to be successful regardless, with the
only factor being their pre-TRT fertility status.
I believe there is merit to the theory of this approach, but for now, this
myth will remain non-deﬁnitively “busted”, but in my anecdotal personal
experience, although it is theoretically sound, I have not found it to be
necessary.
MYTH #: “You have to come oﬀ TRT to conceive.”
Visit 99% of fertility specialists, urologists or endocrinologists and they’ll
give you this same line.
Want to ﬁx your fertility? Stop your TRT cold turkey and it’ll come back in
6-12 months.
I’ve seen countless guys go through this and the outcomes on their
physical and mental health were devastating. I also have concerns that
they’re conceiving their child in an unhealthy, hypogonadal state that may
impact the epigenetics of the child.
You want to be at your best when you conceive, not at your worst.
However, does this solution work in restoring fertility? Absolutely it does.
There’s just a lot of unnecessary suﬀering to go with it, and men are not
being informed that there are other options that don’t involve them
ceasing their TRT.

60

And for men with a history of poor mental health, this is especially
important, as this crash of testosterone, combined with the added
pressure of infertility, can be psychologically devastating for many men.
Instead, I believe all men should consider the following treatment option,
before assessing how to move forward with their fertility concerns.
MYTH #: “High dose HCG is the best way to improve fertility.”
Wrong. FSH + HCG is the best way, at the time of writing this book, to
improve fertility.
I believe that if bioidentical, (ideally esterised) LH becomes readily accessible,
the combination of exogenous LH and FSH will be the future gold standard of
fertility protocol for TRT.
One way to increase fertility on TRT is to use higher doses of HCG than are
required to maximally stimulate LH receptors (250IU per shot), and
leverage the spillover eﬀect into the FSH receptors.
I have seen 500IU per day be common practice for this approach,
however, the studied dose is 1500IU 3x weekly, and I have seen much
higher doses than this used in an attempt to regain fertility.
The primary issue with this is that many men do not tolerate large doses
of HCG well.
As discussed earlier in this book in the HCG chapter, I believe this is due to
large doses of female pregnancy hormone negatively reacting with male
biology, which is especially noticeable when that man is seeking to improve his
androgenic nature and traits.
The much better, bioidentical and side-eﬀect free option is bioidentical
FSH. It is literally replacing the primary signal operating fertility, that
shuts down while on exogenous testosterone.

61

Rather than crashing a man’s testosterone levels to regain the natural
levels of this hormone, it can simply be replaced and optimised for a short
period while the man is trying to conceive, and then withdrawn after
conception while he retains optimal testosterone levels through his TRT.
In my experience, using an eﬀective dose of FSH (50-150IU 3x weekly) in
conjunction with 250IU daily of HCG optimises testicle function for both
intratesticular testosterone production and spermatogenesis, and
restores a man to his pre-TRT fertility levels.
And as mentioned previously, I have found periodic or long-term low dose
HCG use has not been a determining factor as to whether the outcome of
this protocol is successful.

? The determining question is - was he fertile before TRT?

6.3 FERTILITY VERDICT
Fertility is a sensitive topic for many men, just like hypogonadism.
Unfortunately, due to fertility’s integral role in many men’s life purpose and
starting a family, it can be an area where irrationality in behaviour and
thinking can be ignited by fear.
I encourage all men to obtain a fertility test BEFORE and AFTER starting
TRT prior to addressing any discussions around fertility with their
provider. And, to reiterate, if conception is on the horizon in the near
future, simply delay starting TRT until after you conceive.
Fertility is an extremely complex process and involves optimal health
parameters for both parties. So, don’t forget to measure your partner’s fertility
when you are looking to conceive, as if there is a problem on the woman’s side,
it will not matter how much HCG or FSH you throw at the problem on your
end.

62

FSH has a minimal eﬀective dose of 50IU 3x per week, and the most
commonly studied dose and the point of diminishing returns is 150IU per
week. Depending on your budget and the cost of FSH (it often doesn’t
come cheaply) you may be better oﬀ starting with 50IU per week, and
retesting your fertility parameters after 12 weeks, to see if you need to
increase to 100-150IU 3x weekly to achieve optimal parameters. In my
experience, the minimal eﬀective dose of 50IU 3x weekly can be suﬃcient
in some cases, but many will need the full 150IU to achieve optimal
fertility. However, it does not always take a fully optimal sperm count to
conceive.
I recommend combining this with 250IU daily of HCG, or if HCG is poorly
tolerated, 25-100IU of HCG per day.
I recommend that if men are planning to conceive, to come oﬀ all
unnecessary pharmaceutical medications and anabolic steroids, as well as
recreational drugs and alcohol, and get yourself into the best physical and
mental shape as possible before conceiving, to ensure you have the
healthiest baby possible. The health of the mother and father is being
found to have more of an impact on epigenetic expression the more it is
researched.
If FSH is not aﬀordable, it is important to consider whether starting a family
is aﬀordable.
Remember: Stress, poor diet and lifestyle, drugs, alcohol, poor sleep and
obesity will all negatively impact your fertility, even in the presence of
fertility protocols.

63

CHAPTER VII
THYROID

7.1 THYROID INTRODUCTION
The thyroid is a system that is commonly overlooked and poorly
understood, especially in men.
When assessing the list of symptoms of hypothyroidism, it can often
mirror the lists of symptoms for conditions including, but not limited to,
major depressive disorder (especially anhedonic depression), generalised
anxiety disorder, chronic fatigue syndrome, “adrenal fatigue”, inattentive
ADHD and metabolic syndrome.

? Have you ever met someone who says "I've just got a slow metabolism”?
That’s called undiagnosed hypothyroidism.
And it’s a common problem.
This is for three primary reasons:
1 There are many diet and lifestyle factors causing secondary
hypothyroidism, that creates a vicious cycle of mental and physical
symptoms.
2 Autoimmune hypothyroidism can be genetic and triggered by
environmental factors, stress or unknown causes, and is often
hereditary.
3 Doctors do not properly test for, or treat, subclinical hypothyroidism.
Even if a patient is lucky enough to get their thyroid properly tested and
receive treatment, it is more common than not to receive T4 monotherapy.
This is why thyroid treatment has such a bad reputation online. Patients
take their T4 monotherapy as prescribed and it’s either too weak and does
nothing, or it’s too strong and causes more harm than good.
The thyroid, especially T3 (the active form of thyroid hormone) is the
main governor of your body’s energy metabolism. A low energy body
and low energy brain is, by deﬁnition, a depressed body and brain.
65

“Stress” is deﬁned by not having enough x to do y. This can be not enough
money to pay the bills, time to get things done, or in the body’s case, not
enough cellular energy to perform the biological and physiological
functions required.
And this situation leads to, and is worsened by, excess body fat.
If the engine is too small for the car, a bigger car is going to make the
situation worse.
Symptoms of low thyroid can be felt in the body and the mind. As thyroid
hormone is a major lever in dopamine metabolism and neurological
energy metabolism, it is very common for hypothyroidism to manifest
psychologically and impact mood and behaviour.
Many patients with undiagnosed and untreated (or undertreated)
hypothyroidism struggle with focus and attention, as well as
performing other tasks related to the pre-frontal cortex such as
impulse control, emotional regulation and attention to detail. When we
are in a low energy state the body will often upregulate adrenaline
function to compensate, leading to a hair-trigger ﬁght or ﬂight
response, that can manifest as a state of chronic, generalised anxiety.
This wired, tired, overwhelmed and low energy state can lead to avoidant
behaviours, procrastination, as well as guilt and low self-esteem.
While this state ticks almost every box for “inattentive ADHD” (I truly
believe this diagnosis can be resolved by diet, lifestyle, proper
endocrinology and discipline) and while hypothyroidism does respond
well initially to ADHD stimulant medications such as amphetamine and
methylphenidate in the short term, this does not resolve the root cause
issue and is prone to well-known short term and unknown long term side
eﬀects.
If you have been diagnosed with inattentive ADHD, I thoroughly recommend
running a comprehensive hormone evaluation.

66

While this state ticks almost every box for “inattentive ADHD” (I truly
believe this diagnosis can be resolved by diet, lifestyle, proper
endocrinology and discipline) and while hypothyroidism does respond
well initially to ADHD stimulant medications such as amphetamine and
methylphenidate in the short term, this does not resolve the root cause
issue and is prone to well-known short term and unknown long term side
eﬀects.
If you have been diagnosed with inattentive ADHD, I thoroughly recommend
running a comprehensive hormone evaluation.
However, hypothyroid symptoms are often physical in their primary
presentation.
Individuals with hypothyroidism have a lower basal metabolic rate. This
means they burn fewer calories than they should at rest, as well as
when they exercise.

? How does this feel? Exercise feels extremely diﬃcult and more stressful than it
should, and no matter what diet and macro protocol you follow, you can’t lose
weight unless you crash diet.
These are the individuals who give up on diet and exercise protocols, and
personal trainers often chastise them for not “tracking their sauces” properly
in MyFitnessPal as the reason they’re not losing weight on their plan.
Hypothyroid individuals often self-medicate with reliance on stimulants
that solves one problem but creates two more. Or, they resort to naps and
a low-energy-output lifestyle (lazy) that can lead to poor relationships,
career and self-fulﬁllment outcomes, as well as depression, shame,
anxiety and low self-esteem.
Hypothyroid symptoms and TRT look very similar. In fact, almost every
symptom of hypogonadism and hypothyroidism overlap. This is crucial to
understand.

67

? Why? Because the “cut-oﬀ” for what is, or isn’t low testosterone is based on
blood work AND symptoms.

This means that borderline low testosterone with hypothyroidism can look
like hypogonadism, if the thyroid is not assessed.
This must be understood and applied to the practice of TRT, as untreated
hypothyroidism will cause low testosterone.
This means that secondary hypogonadism induced by hypothyroidism
can and should be resolved (or at least, attempted to resolve) before
committing to testosterone replacement therapy.
Many patients start TRT only receive partial improvement in negative
symptoms, and receive the “full beneﬁts” of testosterone when their
thyroid is also improved.
I liken this to thyroid “putting the wind in the sails” of TRT.
Secondary hypothyroidism is subclinical in nature (not severe, but still
enough to cause symptoms) and can also be induced by the same root
cause as low testosterone. Environmental toxins, poor diet and lifestyle
habits, alcoholism, pharmaceutical medications and undiagnosed,
untreated chronic disease states can all slow down thyroid production as
part of their pathologies.
As can chronic stress.
In my health coaching practice, I have found chronic stress, whether it is
physiological (chronic pain and injury inﬂammation, prolonged
malnutrition) or psychological stress to be the most common cause of
subclinical hypothyroidism.
This will often manifest with elevated TSH above the “functional range”
(>2.5), high T4 and T3, with symptoms of hypothyroidism. Follow up
testing often conﬁrms elevations in prolactin, cortisol and most

68

importantly, Reverse T3, part of the body’s stress response to slow the
energy metabolism and conserve resources.
While throwing more T3 at the situation can help with some symptoms, it
does not work on the root cause, and resolving the root cause of stress, or
at least supporting the body as much as possible, is the best way to
reduce RT3, and thereby increase T3 activity at the receptor, and reducing
TSH as a result.
In these cases, I recommend supplements such as magnesium, CBD,
Phosphatidylserine and KSM-66 Ashwagandha, in conjunction with daily
stretching, mobility and mindfulness meditation, while working on resolving
the root cause of the stress.

7.2 THYROID MYTH BUSTING
MYTH #: “Synthetic T3/T4 is the same as prescription natural dessicated
thyroid (NDT)”
While synthetic, bioidentical T3 and T4 are perfectly suﬃcient thyroid
therapy options, in my experience, it is outperformed by NDT.
There are theories as to why this may be the case, surrounding the other
present thyroid hormones active in NDT, peptides, enzymes and RNA in
the NDT and increased bioavailability due to presence of cofactors.
One “grain” of NDT is 60mg and contains 38mcg of T4 and 9mcg or T3.
Personally, I round this up to 40mcg of T4 and 10mcg of T3 for ease of
explanation and calculations when I am explaining dosing.
Quick fun fact: It’s called a grain because 60mg is about the same weight as
the average grain of wheat. Great party conversation.
In my experience, I have found that NDT can be ~50% more eﬀective
than its equivalent T3/T4 dose.

69

I have also found Hashimoto’s patients respond better, both in terms of lab
improvements and symptom resolution, to NDT, and when using synthetic
preparations often have to push their T3 >50mcg and T4 >200mcg to get
results, while often achieving better lab work and symptoms on 4 grains of
NDT, or sometimes even less.
MYTH #: “You must take your thyroid dose on an empty stomach twice
daily.”
Yes to the ﬁrst part.
To the second, no.
Firstly, thyroid MUST be taken on an empty stomach.
Many nutrients, but especially calcium, will disrupt thyroid absorption, so
thyroid must be taken fasted, at least 30-60 minutes before consuming
other supplements, coﬀee or food in the morning.
I recommend you put it on your bedside table and take it when the alarm
goes oﬀ.
This complicates afternoon dosing in terms of absorption and
compliance, and I propose the argument that as the half- life of T3 is
still 24 hours, that split dosing does not give a net positive in terms of
beneﬁts vs compliance.
i.e., “the juice is not worth the squeeze”
Thyroid therapy works perfectly well with single morning dosing for most
patients, especially milder cases of hypothyroidism, and is much easier for
long term adherence.
Many times, I have seen split dosing recommended to try and ﬁx
symptoms, while in reality the patient simply needed a higher dose of
thyroid hormone, or needed to address other issues.

70

MYTH #: “Waking temperatures should be between X and Y.”
Waking temperatures are a useful tool to help assist with determining
thyroid function.
However, many things outside thyroid function will impact waking
temperature, and a low waking temperature does not automatically mean
hypothyroidism.
In my experience however, an optimal waking temperature does often
rule out hypothyroidism.
This is why it is important for patients to not self-diagnose and
self-medicate, and for practitioners to gather as many data points as
possible in order to create a meaningful diagnosis and treatment plan for
the patient that will deliver the optimal results.
The optimal waking temperatures are believed to be 97.8-98.2 °F
(36.5-36.7 °C), with some variance depending on who you ask.
I have found that many individuals will have optimal thyroid function
(and therefore do not tolerate additional thyroid hormone), even if
their waking temperatures are in the 97s °F (36s °C), as their low body
temperature can be caused by other factors, especially digestive
problems.
My main area of clinical recommendations for waking temperatures is when
ﬁne tuning the thyroid dose, ensure the dose has not overshot the mark, and
that the waking temperatures are not too high.
MYTH #: “Thyroid antibodies that are elevated, but not above the
reference range do not require treatment.”

? And if someone is 1% lower than the cut oﬀ for diabetes, they’re perfectly
healthy too right? Wrong.

71

Hashimoto’s Thyroiditis is an autoimmune condition where the body
attacks the thyroid gland. It is more common in women, and it very
commonly occurs in conjunction with coeliac disease.
But it does occur in men and is why it is always vital to screen for thyroid
antibodies (and reverse T3, a full thyroid panel) when wanting to diagnose
and understand thyroid function.
If Hashimoto’s is caught early before symptoms become debilitating, the
antibodies may be within range, but still elevated.
This should not disqualify someone from treatment for hypothyroidism,
this should be a marker to LOOK FOR symptoms of hypothyroidism to
maintain an optimal thyroid state to prevent unnecessary manifestation of
the diseased state.
The symptoms will be milder and the TSH/T4/T3 levels may not be as
high/low/low as someone who has severe, untreated Hashimoto’s, but
early treatment prevents the unnecessary damage to the body, mind and
life of the individual by keeping the car on the road rather than waiting for
it to crash.
Often, these men beneﬁt from doses such as 15mg, 30mg or 60mg of NDT
along with supplements like KSM 66 Ashwagandha and Phosphatidylserine, as
well as a high protein diet.

7.3 THYROID VERDICT
If I had a dollar for every time I found someone who was trying to ﬁx
their undiagnosed hypothyroidism by cranking up their TRT dose…
Thyroid treatment is far less invasive than TRT, as it is an oral, daily
capsule/tablet, where natural production is not fully suppressed and will
restore upon cessation.

72

As it is less invasive, more straightforward and easier to access, thyroid
should always be assessed when a patient presents with low testosterone
symptoms as part of a comprehensive screening to identify exactly where
the symptoms are coming from before initiating TRT.
Testosterone is much more marketable, and what a lot of men want,
but in reality, thyroid may be what they need.
Or, both.
I recommend initiating thyroid therapy at 30-60mg of NDT and titrating up
in 30-60mg increments to achieve symptom resolution, an optimal T3 level
(within a point either side of the top of the reference range as a ballpark
example) and a low TSH (1.5 or less, but not undetectable). This is a “rule
of thumb” and an ideal scenario.
If T3 or T4 is used, I recommend an introductory dose of 50mcg of T4 and
10-12.5mcg or T3 (standard preparations are 50mcg or 100mcg T4 tablets
and 20mcg or 25mcg T3 tablets) and working up in similar increments.
Note: TSH may not receive feedback properly from T3 due to pituitary issues or
Hashimoto’s, and in more complex/advanced pathologies, it may require
complete suppression to optimise T3 levels and resolve negative symptoms.
This can be advantageous in Hashimoto’s, as Hashimoto’s may produce
volatile thyroid hormone output in some patients. This is why it’s important to
listen to the patient's symptoms, and when in doubt, check the waking
temperatures, Reverse T3 and antibodies.
When Reverse T3 is elevated as part of a chronic stress scenario, I
recommend the supplements EPA/DHA combined 2-3g from high
quality, concentrated Omega 3 ﬁsh oil, in the morning,
Phosphatidylserine 200-600mg before bed, KSM 66 Ashwagandha
300mg twice daily, and 10-50mg of CBD before bed. It is also integral to
focus on resolving the root cause of the stress, such as mobility work,
physical rehabilitation, sleep hygiene, resolving insomnia/sleep apnea,
or addressing personal/career issues.

73

In my experience, subclinical, non-autoimmune hypothyroidism can often be
resolved with 1-2 grains of NDT or 50-100mcg of T4 and 10-25mcg of T3.
However, Hashimoto’s often requires a higher dose, up to 4 grains of NDT and
occasionally even more.
Thyroid can be tested every 12-16 weeks and should only be titrated
and adjusted in periodic reviews with supervision.
I prefer to measure thyroid hormone labs at peak, 2-4 hours after taking
the medication, but I will also measure at a 24-hour trough if I am
troubleshooting, as some individuals (uncommon) will metabolise the
medication quickly and must split their dose in the morning and
afternoon.
Over the counter NDT preparations that contain raw desiccated thyroid,
often in a 30mg dose vary in concentration of thyroid hormone per
capsule, and are not suitable for clinical presentations of hypothyroidism
long term, but can be a good place to start as a band-aid while getting
access to a proper prescription and supervision. I recommend introducing
these at 30-60mg per day, and titrating up to 120mg before moving over
to a prescription-based product long term. For those wanting to boost
their metabolism temporarily to further body composition improvements
in a caloric deﬁcit, this would be a better option than prescription thyroid
hormone, if there is no clinical deﬁciency.

74

CHAPTER VII
CONCLUSION

CONCLUSION
There’s a big diﬀerence between TRT, and TRT done right.
For a substantial number of guys, a simple, cookie cutter TRT monotherapy
protocol will be just ﬁne. Even a once-a-week injection, while suboptimal,
will be “ok” for many guys on TRT.
The current issue is twofold:
1 Clinics and providers overcomplicating the process, whether to sell
add-ons to bump their proﬁt margin, or based on a gross
misunderstanding of endocrinology.
This results in patients and clients taking three, four or ﬁve unnecessary
medications causing side eﬀects and complications, and leading them to being
worse oﬀ than before they started.
2 On the contrary, there are guys out there who need more elaborate,
complex and nuanced hormone replacement therapy due to
complicating factors not present in the average low testosterone man.

? So, are your negative symptoms psychosomatic? Are they coming from your

low pregnenolone, DHEA, sub optimal thyroid? Or are they coming from your
diet and lifestyle, or even a combination of all of the above?
You don’t know. And you’re not supposed to.
This e-book is intended to provide a 101 overview of these complex topics
to give you a framework and guide for troubleshooting these issues and
avoiding the pitfalls that plague many men in their quest for getting their
health to an optimal place.
If it hasn’t been made clear yet - please, have your TRT diagnosed and
managed by a professional.

76

At the time of writing this book, these are my recommendations for the
best providers for men’s HRT worldwide:
AUSTRALIA
Primal Zone

UK
Eden Clinic
Felix Hay
Balance My Hormones

AMERICA
Marek Health
The Restore Clinic
Elevate Men’s Clinic
Dr Jeﬀrey Rutersbusch
Dr Jordan Grant

INTERNATIONAL RESOURCES
Jay Campbell: Podcast + The TOT Bible
The TRT and Hormone Optimisation Channel Youtube
Ali Gilbert
The Silverback Summit
Atlas Optimization
I hope that this book has armed you with the knowledge and basic
understanding of these topics to help guide your health journey, and to
avoid the many potential pitfalls that may befall you.
Remember:
Test, don’t guess (Get blood work and see an informed provider.)
When in doubt, take it out (Don’t take any medication or supplement
without discussing side eﬀects with your provider.)
And ﬁnally,
Take care of yourself.
Thanks for reading.
Dave

77

Copyright © 2023 BEYOND TRT by Dave Lee.
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or used in any manner without the
prior written permission of the copyright owner, except for the use of brief quotations in a
book review.

DISCLAIMER:
The information contained on this book is provided for educational purposes only. It is not
meant to replace professional medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment. Any attempt to
diagnose and treat a medical condition should be done under the direction of a healthcare
provider or physician. For any medical conditions, each individual is recommended to consult
with a healthcare provider before using any information, idea, or products discussed. Neither
the authors nor the publisher shall be liable or responsible for any loss or adverse eﬀects
allegedly arising from any information or suggestion on this book. While every eﬀort has been
made to ensure the accuracy of the information presented, neither the authors nor the
publisher assumes any responsibility for errors. References are provided for information
purposes and do not constitute endorsement of any websites or other sources. Readers
should be aware that the websites listed here may change.

ISBN: 979-8-89269-890-0 (e-book)
Cover and layout by Aliel Kika.

First Edition.

www.advancedfundamentalhealth.com

"There are only a few times I can remember
where I've felt like a health professional has
actually genuinely cared about my long-term
health and wellbeing beyond just being
another patient, and only a single time that
they've been really committed to diving to the
root of all my problems and seeing the big
picture instead of band aiding all my
symptoms and calling it a job well done. All
you need is one conversation with Dave or a
week looking at the work he does in the
health space to know that his absolute
passion is helping others and making them
the best versions of themselves. Dave listens,
asks questions, gets extensive blood work,
examines all possibilities and dives to the
root of the problem, ﬁxing it with a holistic
approach. He pointed out many things in my
health that no other health professional even
considered could be an issue. Dave has
already made an enormous change in my
health in less than 5 months and things just
keep getting better. Where more conventional
pathways have failed me, Dave has turned my
life around and set me on a trajectory where I
can ﬁnally be happy and healthy."

“Sending lots of love and appreciation out to
the one and only Dave Lee. Just wanting to
say a big thankyou to you Dave. For the
ongoing work you do for the group of guys in
this group, beyond this group, and in
particular for what you’ve done for my
personal life. Since ﬁrst consulting with you I
feel like my search ended and this is now
where I’m at:

— Jonathan M

Dave you’ve not inﬂuenced my personal life in
a huge way but I also pass on any relevant
information to close family and friends. There
is a wave like inﬂuence out from what you do.

“I have worked with Dave for a few years now.
Not only have we dialed in and drastically
improved my health, he has helped me to
become a better man in physical, mental and
spiritual aspects. Truly grateful to be a client
of Dave's, a man who truly cares and is
results driven.”
— Luke S

Psychological health: best it’s ever been.
Massively reduced social anxiety. Improved
general well-being and self-belief.
Emotional health: best it’s ever been. Now
experience overwhelming feelings of
happiness every now and then sometimes to
the point of tears. Generally, I say to myself I
am happy.
Physical health: Best physique of my life.
Most ﬂexible I have ever been in adult life.
Cardiovascular health feels strong I can jog
for an hour easily / surf / play with my kids.
Gut health: I had digestion issues which have
now gone.
Business: best position I’ve been in my
business since starting it in 2008.

How has all the above happened?
All I’ve done is do whatever Dave has told me
to do when he’s told me to do it. My ﬁrst
consult was in December 2021. I truly believe
if everyone’s local GP was more like Dave
then the world would be a far better place.
Thanks Dave from the bottom of my heart.”
— Ian G

BEYOND

TRT

PREGNENOLONE, DHEA, THYROID,
ESTROGEN, HCG & FERTILITY

Dave was referred to me by a mutual friend
of mine regarding questions around post
cycle therapy. Dave called me directly and
actually oﬀered free advice and ended the
call. I was shocked because I was expecting
him to charge me but this guy with his wealth
of knowledge just helped a total stranger.
After that experience I ended up booking with
him to learn and gain more. He is a wealth of
knowledge and am very grateful for what he’s
taught me.
— Jonathan L

